What's going on with all the cigars? Uh, which cigars? Those are not cigars.
Those are marijuana. Oh, okay. I figured it might be something like that.
It's marijuana on the outside. It's called a blunt.
That's what the younguns call it. It's not know the term bump. That looks like,
I thought it was like a young company. Of course you get, you know. Yeah.
But I'm not as schooled as you. I'm not as schooled as you in the elicits,
even though that's not, it's not an elicit. Now speaking of elicit,
you've got some meat eat or bourbon, some elk shank bourbon. Yeah.
Pairs with, it's a good name. Pairs of Beaver tail pairs with people.
Both of those things. Thanks to you. L shanks,
a great name for it because that is like one of the rare foods.
Like if you talk to most hunters, like said, have you ever had it?
Elk shank also Buco they'd be like, what? Most,
most hunters have never eaten that. And it was regulatory to find out about it.
And then it's the thing that, uh, I became,
I started to proselytize, you know,
I found out about eating it cause my brother found out about eating it because
he has this old cookbook called the LL bean.
It's like the LL bean wild game cookbook, um,
by a guy named Angus first name Angus, if I remember right.
And he's got a shank. Like he's got a shank recipe in his book for
antelope shank. And so we started making it,
that's the funny thing about wild game cooking that you've probably picked up on
is that you could, um,
you could have a thing or you can say like, Hey,
here's a recipe for a white tail deer heart. Right? And someone would be like,
but do you have one for a meal? Do your heart.
Have I explained this to you before? No. Well, they're going to change the ball,
aren't they? Yeah, that's thing. So obviously like when we did our cookbook,
I tried really hard to steer away from things that would be elk grass recipes,
DRS bees, and just take it from a cut basis is excellent.
But have you messed around with good times? That's great.
Quite a few things from it. It's really great.
We got away from saying that like here's an antelope recipe or whatever because
it's just like the cut is more important,
especially with all these ungulates like horned and antlered game.
What it is is more important than what it came from.
So by putting elk shank on that bottle,
I'm kinda like going against my own advice, but if I just put shank,
people might not know what you're talking about. Wow.
It could be like lamb shank, but it's just a cool name.
We're going to do a limited run of those where we write all kinds of weird stuff
in there that it pairs well with. Is it good? Does this good stuff?
Should we try it? And it's five years old so we get a taste. Yeah, let's get a,
let's get some ice and some glasses. You know, I took a long,
I took a long break from drinking. Woo. How long? Uh,
well I just slowed way down on it when my kids were born,
started to be born and then gradually me and my wife had gotten back into it
gradually. Yeah. No. You know, we haven't tested working together. Yeah.
Right. Which is really crazy.
I know we haven't toasted Yannas took a year off booze. Wow.
For no just for like whatever Yannis,
whatever. Yannis. I can't remember. He had some reason for it. Uh,
he had a birthday once and took a month off.
Then he had a birthday and took a year off.
He's got four months to go for the end of the year and then he's gonna drink.
Yeah. But he says his family, I think his wife was explaining to me, um,
there's a lot more disposable income around the house now cause she's like,
I never realized how much blues and takes up. Yeah.
What's all those fancy beers they had all else fancy beer. It adds up to you.
That's an interesting thing. Yeah.
People don't think about that when you run your tab at the end of the week and
then add that times four and then add that times 12. That's real money. Yeah.
And I don't know if you remember,
you probably like this when you were younger where like it was, it was just,
it was an impossible. You'd have leftover booze in your house.
Do you know, cause everybody's drank so much. Right, right, right.
Like now we're like such grownups in our pantry.
We have like a little liquor section. Right. And you have like, Oh there's,
you know, yeah, I have a wine fridge. Yeah.
But in the old days you couldn't because you just drank it and it was gone.
Right. You know? Yeah.
I want to interview you. I want to interview you for a minute. Okay. Go ahead.
How comfortable do you ever tell your listeners about, um,
about the comedy stuff you're working on? Or do you like to keep a big secret?
I tell him some things. I don't like to give up premises chair, sir.
You don't like to give up premises? I mean a punchlines and, Oh,
say like a subject I'm working on. You do or don't give up subjects. Well,
I want to engage you about a subject that we were texting about. Oh, about the,
uh, the missionary. Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Sure. I just don't understand.
This is good. I know that you will. I like it.
I know that you will have a knowing you and how good you are at what you do.
I know you'll have done it,
but I don't understand how you could have had a novel thought about the
missionary. Yes. He got killed just to, to, to refresh people's memories. Uh,
there's an Island East Sentinel. What's funny? By my fish shack,
there's an Island called Sentinel Island. Really? Yeah. No one lives on it. Um,
I've been past it many times and I've yet to been shot at.
It's North Sentinel Island nor, sorry.
Nordson allowance in the middle of the mind that my shack is East Sentinel.
Sorry, North Sentinel. [inaudible] better. So you should tell people what it is.
I want to go to your shack. I want to go. Yeah, let's, let's next one.
Instead of a hunting trip, let's do a fishing trip.
I would love to have you have down come out there and we'll catch some out.
But so you would, you're not interested bringing your family. Yeah,
we could do that too. We kind of take a family approach. Okay.
Are more and more now.
Well your kids like flipping over your kids like flipping rocks and seeing on
the rock. My youngest loves fishing. He loves it. Rock flipping.
She loves everything she does. She's really big.
And now young is the youngest nine. Oh yeah. Perfect. But uh,
no I want to get like, I just can't, I can't, I,
I S I've thought about and thought about it and I can't think,
not that I don't have faith in you.
I just can't think of what the take would be.
The problem is if I explained with the take
is it would fuck up the bit for people that haven't seen the bit.
I'll show you tonight. Tonight. Y'all going tonight. I can't wait to go see,
but I just wanted to explain off air. I'll explain off air. Okay.
Yeah. Are you feeling good about the Bay? Yeah. Yeah.
It's a fascinating subject. You know,
the guy commander Maurice of Adele Portman. You know who that guy is? No,
he was the, uh, the pervert that traveled around from Island to Island, uh,
measuring guys and taking weird photos with y'all,
dressing them up with the Roman soldiers. I read the,
I read a big piece about this,
which actually sent to you to see if you'd wrote it to, yeah, I'd read a,
you said you read everything about it. Yeah,
I'd read quite a few things about it because there was a guy on Twitter,
his name is respectable law at respectable law,
and he posted a whole series of things cause he, uh,
he had actually been studying this case or this,
this place before because of this pervert guy. And so when this man, uh,
this missionary showed up on an Island and got murdered,
like he knew all about the history of this Island.
So he made like a chain of posts on Twitter,
which were really interesting and formative. And then I started going deep into,
and I read the guy's journals. The journals were hilarious, man.
The kid that got killed. No, the guy goes to the pervert, the English,
the English pervert in the 18 hundreds probably wrecked like that whole area for
those people because they had this idea of what white men are.
I know these people don't have a written language and they,
they just have stories.
So they probably still have stories of these white men that come carrying
diseases and want to touch your Dick and measure them. Yeah.
So this is the guy he was into. I just wanna make sure I remember this right.
He was in like skull morphology, but with sexual organs.
Well he was, it's hard to tell what he was into, but it was,
it's so obviously perverted, like it's,
it seems like he was doing sexual stuff with these people trying to legitimize
it by, yeah, I mean like, yeah, just measuring them and, and,
and doing detailed descriptions of their sex organs and he's really into that.
That seemed very important to him. And he's, he sir, he survived the Island.
I can't decide where to go with my new, uh, my new Laird Hamilton,
tumeric coffee or the whiskey, mix it up, back and forth.
It's really a nervous thing. It's like, it's like soup. Yes. With coffee in it.
It's very good for you to, like I said, that turmeric, you know,
people think of it as Curry cause it's a great spice for food, but it's a,
it's a potent antiinflammatory. Very, very good for you. It's good. Uh,
so I'll have to wait and see what your take on it is. Yeah. Are you,
I'm almost done interviewing you. Are you drawn to that?
Uh, are you drawn to that idea? I certainly am.
The which idea do you get that you'd go and hang out and spend time with less on
contacted people? Well, you've done it in, um, what, what part of South America?
Where you at? Where you, well, yeah,
they're not uncontacted not seminar on contacted,
but uh,
yeah,
so some tribes that like the Chimani and the MACUSA,
she and Whopper, Shaun, um,
are all tribes in Northern South America who have long, long history of,
of contact and engagement with the outside world. But,
uh,
individuals who can still very much like hanging out with individuals who aren't
that old who in their youth were, uh,
very much like living a Hunter gatherer lifestyle with the,
with the mix of native materials and also some Western materials.
And this was Guyana, Guyana and Bolivia. Um, people that, you know,
people that would still make their bows from native materials,
people that, uh, grew up using canoes that were made like hand, you know,
hand dog dog outs using, uh, plant toxins to kill fish.
But also like, you know,
also other very modern stuff like one of these guys that I really appreciate
hanging out with. I mean, the guys got an email address,
but I might've told you this story before. He's got an email address,
but he also told us about, um,
we interviewed him on our show on our podcast and,
and he's telling me about how their packer E's,
their white lipped peccaries aren't around right now because there was a sham
and in another village who's jealous of their village for being so prosperous
and has locked their Packers up inside of a mountain and that they're training
their own Sharmane to free the peccaries from the mountain.
And you can shoot this dude an email, so,
right. Explain a peccary to people. Oh,
people here are familiar with the have Alina. Yeah, yeah. I have,
Alina is a collared peccary and then there's a in no run in little troops of
[inaudible] you might see anywhere from one to 13 or 14 white lip Packers are a
bit bigger and they'll run in groups of 200.
Wow. Yeah, they'll ravage like, like these, um,
these people have a somewhat agrarian lifestyle.
They hunt fish and also have farms scattered throughout the the jungle and
they'll just come in and ravage farms in groups of, you know, like I said,
groups of 100, 200,
I should be honest here and say I've never laid eyes on a white lip.
Packery there's a third pancrea Chaco in or chick Cohen,
a peccary that is much more rare than the collared and white lipped. Yeah.
Picture this Jamie. There is the white little fuckers. Yeah. Those schools,
those supposedly tastes a lot better than collared peccaries.
I've hunted collared peccaries in, uh,
in West taxes and in Sonora, Mexico.
Are they native to West Texas or did someone bring them in? No, no, no, no.
Collared peccaries or native. Oh, okay. Like portions in New Mexico,
Arizona and West Texas. So they look similar to [inaudible].
No, it is a Havoline in a collared peccary the same damn thing. Oh, okay.
They got you. You'd appreciate this because, uh,
just knowing your tastes,
they have a large breast with a nipple on the top of their back.
Like what would be the neck of your ass has a nipple. Whoa.
That's their scent gland. So it's an actual nipple that someone nurses from,
Nope, but just a scent gland. Oh, I'm sure your, your trustee,
um, Jamie, Jamie can find a nipple on the back of a page.
You'll find a picture, uh, somehow related to pigs. No, people like,
people like to think that they are, but they're not. Wow. Oh there it is. Yup.
See that? Yeah. Havalina tits. When you clean them, you need to cut that away.
Um, cause it really like stinks to high heaven. Is it like a Tulsa Glen?
Like that same sort of succinct gland. Very powerful smell.
And you usually smell them well ahead of seeing them and they're really, um,
they're, they're pugnacious, you know,
you can call at them with a mimic the sound of a distressed young one and they
come in ready to kick your ass. I saw that on your show when you and Remy went.
Bohum they run at Remy has got a lot of experience messing around with these
things. Um, it's funny cause they're pretty popular. Like, you know,
they're good to eat, but they're,
they're much more popular South of the border and Mexico is much more common to
eat heavily. Them, they make sausage out of 'em and stop, grind them up,
make sausage. I'm a cook. You just various things like you don't,
I don't know anybody.
Maybe someone's out there that like actually takes like a backstrap off of a
Havoline and throws it on the grill.
But you generally do like preparations with them. Where you,
where you cook them a fair bit. Yeah. You'd have to break down.
They gotta be tough right now. They are, you couldn't just grill one,
you couldn't just grill on their lien. You got to cook them down.
But you can see how uh, you see whether it be popular though. Look,
to me it's a pretty, like, it's a nice little bundle like of meat. Right.
And I think that in some areas, like especially, you know,
in snore and elsewhere, um,
people aren't likely to like turn their nose up at good protein sources.
There's one thing that's like,
it's one thing that's like made for bow hunting because I think that, uh,
with rifle hunting and people do hunt with rifles and shotguns rifles, but it's,
uh, it's, it's a little bit,
it can be kind of feel like a little bit of a gimme because they're not,
you have to get very close to them before their concerned about your presence.
They're tough. They got tossed, you know, they,
they can kill stuff and rip stuff and they have like, uh, they're almost,
you know, you think of the most, like I would imagine of all the creatures,
like a snapping turtle is least concerned with things that, like a Snagit,
patrol doesn't care about anything until it's within six inches of its face and
have Aleena's car. There's not that exaggerated but of have this,
like their world sorta seems to end at 60 yards,
but they don't care what's going on outside of that buffer.
And so, um, so you can kind of creep up to him,
kind of walk up to him when you see them. Did they see bad or they like pigs,
but they seem to have very poor eyesight.
They seem to have poor eyesight and having, uh, an amazingly varied diet. Um,
you know, they'll eat like, I mean, if you laid there long enough,
they would come up and eat you. Yeah. They ate my friend's dog. Oh
yeah. Well my friend's friend Doug Stan home, my buddy, he lives in, uh,
he lives in Arizona. Was he pretty tore up about it? Yeah. While they were,
you know, they hate those fucking things. They,
they S they just piled on this dog and ate the neighbor's dog and apparently
it's not too uncommon.
Yeah. It happens. Flesh eaters. Yeah. They don't know, fuck up a dog.
They're weird. You know, that's like one of the things,
I think it points to the certain amount of, uh, sociopathy that I have,
but when I hear about someone losing a cat or dog to wild creatures,
I don't like, my initial instinct isn't to be sad.
Mm.
I see what you're saying. You're like, wow, that's part of like,
because you kind of view, you sort of, I have this view that,
yeah, I have this view of that, that,
that sort of like settlement and development V wildlife
[inaudible]
[inaudible] is a global problem. Right. And one always wins.
Like the destruction of wildlife habitat always wins. And then when you see it,
when you see it play out like that,
and in some ways you kind of like hope like Brian Kellyanne who, you know, yup.
Recently, uh, you know, the kid got a young kid,
it was like a nine or 10 year old girl got thrown up in the air by bison. Yeah.
Just see that in Yellowstone. Yeah.
And by no means is Cal hoped to see someone, you know,
especially particularly a child get hurt, but he's like, you know,
they still got it.
Yeah.
You can't catch close in on a bison lead got within 15 yards of that thing,
which is just ridiculous.
Yeah. I think I can think about making a shirt that says, um,
Yellowstone national park, uh, habituating wildlife since 1877
they do. It is weird. Uh, I've only been once, well,
I went once when I was a kid,
but I went once recently with my family and it was a very weird that you can
take selfies with elk. You know,
these big herds of elk are so confident that people won't shoot them when
they're in like the public tourism area that they just go and hang out near the
vending machine.
If somebody's getting a diet Coke and there's an elk like 30 yards away from me.
And it's so strange.
That's, that's a little bit in line with,
that's a little bit loud with what I'm talking about when I talk about like that
when I hear someone's dog got killed by a coyote. Yeah.
Oh, you know, and again, man, I know that like,
like my brother has this little dog he just loves and they're inseparable. Um,
and if that dog got carried off by a great horned owl in a healthy Grateheart,
I'll could carry this dog off. It's like a little shit and dog.
I would feel real bad for them. Uh, so with that said,
I do have this thing where you kind of root and I do feel sad when I see like in
a place like Yellowstone,
this is where it gets a little bit weird when I see an wild animals,
especially animals that people hunt for,
when I see that they've lost their fear of humans,
some people would look and be like, Oh, this is like what?
Naturally they should be like, okay,
so this is animals where they've had to give up their human that where they've
lost their human fear because we've given them this wild place.
I see old timey, old time, Steve Miller, man,
that's a good dude. Joe Farren auto call him. He's a good guy. Uh,
people see in like Yellowstone park atmosphere.
You see where wildlife becomes habituated to humans and they feel like they're
seeing something more natural. Right? Because outside of human hunting,
they all of a sudden don't have that feeling anymore.
I look at that and I see that. It's like, um,
to me it feels like something's been subverted and somethings wrong with that
situation. Yeah.
Because it sort of depends on how fresh your perspective is because I mean
people have been hunting, uh, you know, people have been hunting in that area,
I mean at least 10,000 years.
So then we take like a a hundred year break and the animals become very
accustomed to people. It's, it's shocking how quickly they can get it back. And,
and oftentimes those same elk that live like the same elk that will spend their
summer in that park,
we'll migrate out of there and go into national forest and on ranch land or then
there'll be wherever they can be hunted and they know they cross that line so
that the same [inaudible] some dude could basically walk up and touch,
there will just something in his head switches and he enters and they enter into
a new mind space when they leave and they're still exposed to human predation
and if they wind you, they'll boat. Oh yeah. It's,
it's shocking how it's shocking the degree to which they,
the degree to which they can keep this together in their heads.
And it's also pretty surprising how quickly they adapt. Like,
I would imagine if you were to open up,
this would be a pretty controversial idea, but throw it out there.
Let's say you were to open up hunting in Yellowstone national park,
I think that it would probably be less than a year. I think like us season,
Oh fall hunting season would have them right back into the same mindset that all
of the other animals that live with human predation,
their sort of attitude toward people,
I think they would very quickly get it back.
It makes sense. But yeah, people going up and petting stuff. Um,
again, like referring to cow has ideas that like
people have gotten to where they confuse national parks with amusement parks and
they feel that the animals are like on rails, you know,
they're on tray that it is and it's like they're programmed to do a certain
thing, but it's still wild.
It's one thing that I've discovered over the last seven years thanks to you and
thanks to you getting me hunting because it,
most people have no idea what it's like to be around actual wildlife to sneak up
to them. Most people have no idea about their sense of smell,
like to see an animal wind you and then just fucking bounce that to see that.
And to know that like you're dealing with some superhuman ability,
some like impossible to imagine with the confines of your own biology,
what these animals can do. And when you're,
when you're out amongst them and there's no cell phone service and there's,
it's just footprints and
trekking your way through mountains. It's amazing. I mean it's,
it's not Yellowstone what Yellowstone is and what anything like that.
And zoos is the worst example, right? But when we think of animals,
like people always tell me like, like, cause you know, I have a famous dog,
I've run with them all the time and he's on my Instagram and it's like everybody
loves him. He's the sweetest dog in the world. And they, they're like,
know that dog. If you love dogs, how could you, how could you hunt animals?
And I'm like, well no, that's not, he's not an animal. He's a dog. He's a pet.
[inaudible] is a science project and the animals, a Wolf,
an animal's a deer. That's an animal. What a dog is.
They don't survive outside of us. If you don't take care of them,
they won't know what to do.
They'll hope that the dog catcher comes and gets them than somebody rescues
them. They're not wild animals. It's not. It has,
it almost has less to do with how they're raised and more to do with their
ancestors. Like their, their biology has changed.
They've literally been bred to something different.
They're a fucking science project. Yeah. You see, my dog's got floppy ears.
He's a sweetheart. Everybody who meets him,
he drops his back and wants you to rub his belly.
He's just the sweetest dog in the world. That is not a dog. I mean,
it's not an animal.
There's not an animal like that that would ever exist out in the wild because if
he sees another dog, he's like, hello. Are you my friend?
He's not like checking to see if the thing's gonna steal his food or,
or Rob him of his mates or your kill his babies. He's, it's,
it's the result of a 20,000 or whatever.
Your experimentation with the domestication of an animal. Yeah. So most people,
when they say they love animals, they don't even fucking know any,
they don't even know what they are. They see the caged animals at the zoo.
They see the animals on a rope that they, they take to the dog park.
They think they know what an is. They don't even have any experience with it.
We've been so domesticated and so isolated in cities.
Most people, especially most people that have opinions on this shit, you know,
people that live in rural areas. I mean,
you know that you live in Bozeman and Bozeman is, you know,
surrounded by these areas that are just fucking completely wild.
I mean, if you're in Bozeman,
you can drive an hour from your house and then you're around bears and di and
Eagles. I mean, it's a completely wild place.
But people that are in those areas, people around Boise, Idaho for example,
they have a totally different idea. People in Wyoming,
I have a totally different idea of what wildlife is versus somebody who lives in
Santa Monica. There's a video that just, somebody sent me today of, um,
a guy in thousand Oaks, uh,
is a on his street and he's filming a fucking enormous mountain lion. I mean,
it is huge. It's a big boy.
It's like 150 pounds and they're in the car and they're looking at it through
the window and him and his son,
it seems like our are filming this thing called Holy shit.
Look at this thing that's right there in the street, a big ass cat.
And he was saying that like somebody was filmed,
somebody was feeding in apparently and there they're trying to figure out what
you want me to send it to you,
um,
I'll send it to you. But this, uh, you know, that's,
that's super rare. I mean, that's a real wild animal. It's super,
super rail that anybody would have any kind of experience with one of these
things.
And most people that are talking about animals that would just really don't know
what that even means. They're just saying it.
Yeah. I think that there, there's developed a, like a,
a pretty big cultural division between people who,
um,
a pretty big cultural division between people who kind of like live around work
around and deal with animals and people who view them or think of them as very
other. Uh, a friend of mine who's a biologist.
Oh, there you go. Yeah. Nope, no, I'm sending you another one. I sent it to you.
It's, it's a from thousand Oaks. I just sent it to a friend of mine though.
That's a, that's a recent one too.
Oh, buddy of mine who was a biologist with the forest service guy named Carl
Malcolm. He might've heard on our show. Uh,
he just sent me a paper that was about kids' attitudes to wildlife and it was
comparing rural peoples attitude and knowledge of wildlife,
the kids with urban and suburban attitudes about wildlife.
And you can see the input of media when you look at this thing because
people who live in an urban or suburban environment,
when they tell you the top of mind wildlife,
they know about this non-native stuff like lions. Yeah.
They're likely to know like what's,
what's an animal right in an animal and be like, Oh, that'd be like a DRAF.
Right. And people who have a more, um,
rural or remote viewpoint would be,
are much more likely to like when they think of wildlife to think of things that
they interact with, you know,
and not like the things that are on your mobile above your crib when you're a
little baby and it sort of points. And also there's a slight tendency,
I gotta look at this more carefully,
but as a slight tendency to have a negative feelings or things that are
dangerous or bad.
The more urban you are in terms of native wildlife to more recognize it as like
a negative or bad thing. And where they're pointing to is. Um, again,
I want to look at this much more carefully in, pardon me,
to the officers authors if I'm messing this up.
I was just looking at it this morning, um,
or they're pointing to is the, the,
the stirrings of there being a,
a greater acceptance of decreased biodiversity,
meaning that you're kind of like,
okay with the bad things having gone and we're focused on like what animals.
Well,
animals will be like a draft and hippopotamus and the things that that Disney
tells me about and not like possums and raccoons, which are kind of gross.
Huh. You know, you had the video. Yeah.
Look at this fat boy [inaudible]
play this thing.
It's collard isn't it? Yeah. It's got a collar on it. It's interesting.
I could see that better. There's a lot of them out here that have collars.
We got a photo that we just had, uh, commissioned and uh, should get here soon,
right? Yeah. It's huge of a,
the big cat that they photograph near the Hollywood sign. Yeah.
It looks like it's staged.
I mean the cat is walking right by the trail camera in the hall. Those famous,
uh, yeah, it was in national geographic. Yes. Yeah. That's a good picture. Yeah.
We got one a printed on stepdad picture right there. I mean, come on man.
That's crazy. That is a God damn crazy picture.
It's a John and cat like the forums on that motherfucker.
No sag you stomach. But it bums me out looking at that color.
There was a conversation that you had on your podcast. It's about shooting,
about shooting a deer that's wearing a collar. And I'm with you.
I'm with you 100%. I don't want to shoot a deer that's wearing a collar.
I don't care if it's wild as fuck.
They caught it when it was a baby and they just waited and measured it and then
let it go and it didn't have a collar. And uh, I saw that deer,
I wouldn't think twice about shooting it,
but if I saw it and it was wearing a collar, I'm like, I'm out. No, totally.
There's a really funny thing and you might've, you probably caught wind of this,
uh, or know about this, is that it's a big deal. Yeah.
To shoot a duck with a band on it. Everybody knows this coolest shit. Like,
I know that everybody wants to shoot a band. Most people listen to this.
Don't know that it's coolest shit if you get abandoned duck. Why is that?
Well,
it's a little bit social science because long ago like we used to not understand
this cat a little bit tricky to explain.
We used to not understand how migrations worked because everyone only knew what
they saw. Okay.
And there wasn't someone who was sort of like coalescing all of this
information. People would know very well, like you know, wherever you,
you live along the Mississippi river. Okay. Um,
and you might know very well that like in November shitloads docs that you
haven't seen, they haven't been here all year,
are coming from the North and going to the South.
And you knew that very well. You knew that dog's moved,
you knew that they move through here, but you didn't put all of the,
you had no way to put all the pieces together
over time.
We wanted to understand like animal migrations better and one of the earth,
this is way pre collars, like GPS collars and pit tags and shit. Uh,
we started this banding system where you could go and catch a dock and it's,
we're in this nesting area.
There's like times a year when it's really easy to catch dogs. One,
you can catch them when they're young and you can catch them when they mold.
So people would go out and put a band on a dock and you'd go,
you could go up in the,
in the Arctic or the upper Midwest anywhere and throw a band on a baby duck.
And that band would have a phone number on it.
And you were encouraged to, when you got abandoned doc,
it was like they made it be that it was a good thing.
And you were encouraged to call that one 800 number or whatever the hell they
were before 1-800-NUMBERS and give them the, the, the, the band,
the band number.
And then we started to really with like great detail map out flyways how ducks
migrated, like the docks in, uh,
on the Arctic slope and Alaska tend to follow along this path and they tend to
end up here at this date. And then they're down in, you know,
whatever they're down in Texas all of a sudden,
or they're down in Southern California and they're there,
they're hanging out in rice fields around Sacramento. Whatever it held is,
we started to put together this whole detailed picture and it was one of the
great achievements in wildlife biology was what we learned from the duck banding
system. So I think that over time it became, like I said,
it was sort of like social engineering where people were taught to think it was
cool and you would wear an a band. You would, if you had a lanyard, right?
You, you keep your dot calls on. This still goes on.
If you've got a land your ever dot calls on any abandoned bird, you get,
you put that band on your lanyard.
I haven't met these knuckleheads in North Dakota who have a lot of bands on
their lanyards from banded birds. They've shot. And you'd be like, dude,
that's a lot of bands. And he goes, yeah, not one of them is reported. Hmm.
They think that it,
that it remains more pure to do.
I don't know. That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard. Dumb ass shit.
I wish you guys did like calling. Anybody want to contribute to, I don't know.
You'd have to have like a calling component to your show and we would call one
of these dudes and have him explain in greater detail.
But I remember thinking like that's the most,
that's the most fucked up thing I've ever heard. But yeah,
I don't think you'd want to talk to that guy. And was like, he's like, yeah,
they're all unreported anyways. I don't know if it's like an anti science thing,
but you love to argue. Did you talk to that guy about this? You know,
it was long ago. I could tell you where I was standing.
I was in my brother's kitchen in miles city, Montana. Um, but neat.
This crazy chandelier. He bought it online and I remember everything about it,
but I don't remember when I,
if I challenged him on the sense of being proud of having not contributed to our
scientific understanding of waterfowl migrations and why.
Maybe there's like a sort of anti-government sentiment,
like some black helicopter stuff. Okay. Regardless. Yeah,
some malicious shit. It's cool to have bands and I have like in my sort of,
I have like a box where I put the important stuff to me,
but imagine if you had a box of dear collars. Dude, there's no way if I,
I wouldn't put into your car. That's what I'm getting at is like those are cool,
but collars are not. And we had a friend, there's a,
there's a friend of mine who's a,
she does a lot of carnival research and other research projects named
Carmen van Biyanki, which is a cool name. But she says that, you know,
I'm someone that collars animals and I even think that she's like,
when you get one with a collar on it, she said it was cool.
We talked about this the other day where she's like,
someone has already got the best of them.
Did they become tainted when they've been held by someone else?
And that's a little bit how I view it. Where like a wild animal,
you want to imagine it being like the wildest wild animal and it has a collar.
It's like someone, it's all sloppy seconds man. Yeah.
Well isn't that why the lure of Alaska so interesting because it's one of the
rare places where like if you run into a caribou in Alaska,
there's a high probability that run counter to person never,
it doesn't even know what you are.
Like you've seen videos of hunters walking towards caribou with like their bow
on their head and the care of it was like, what in the fuck is this?
They don't even know. They think that Bo is a rack.
Their assumption in areas where I've been, um,
particularly like look up on the Arctic slope. Uh, no, that's not true.
Cause I've seen it a lot in the mountain ranges too in South central Alaska.
When they see your movement,
their assumption is you're a caribou. That's like,
it seems, I can't, you can't get in their head,
but their assumption is that like, Oh,
I better go check it out and then I'll circle down wind to make sure it's not a,
uh, make sure it's not a grizzly or a Wolf or whatever, but they're like,
you know, something the way a few hundred pounds, a couple of hundred pounds,
whatever, walking around probably a care of him. And he was like, come on over.
They come to you until they can rule it out, but they're gregarious.
They want to find each other. Uh, and it, it,
that sort of thing like winds up giving you a little bit of a sense of, uh,
it makes me feel a little bit bad for them. Right. They're, they're,
they're not tuned in like a mule deer is, and then you realize it's just like
living like that. I mean, these things are, these are things that could migrate,
you know, they migrate hundreds, hundreds of miles.
Have you landed to access to your yet? Yeah.
Access deer in Hawaii is the most perverse, strange,
but necessary hunting that I've ever experienced.
And they don't have an app like on Hawaiian,
they're not dealing with natural predators. It's just, it's all,
they're just like, they're just very intuned to that.
Like their predator being people. Yeah. I imagine that they probably, um,
care the same way that we carry with us
and a sort of natural abhorrence of snakes, you know,
a natural abhorrent of spiders. I would imagine that they come from a,
that you probably know a little bit better mixed. You spent more time with axes,
deer. They probably come from a very predator rich environment, I'm guessing.
Oh, originally. Yeah. And, and, and carry with them a real high,
strong sense. I'm having dealt with like very efficient predators. Tigers. Yeah.
They evolved to get, get away from tigers. They gotta be high strong.
They're the fastest things I've ever seen in my life.
I have videos of one where I shot at this one from 55 yards,
15 yards away. He sees the arrow coming 15 yards away from him and he's like,
yup, dogs is out of there. It's crazy.
It's like they kind of understand that things coming towards them,
kill them because they are hunted 365 days a year because they have to.
There's so overrun.
There's some somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 to 30,000 deer on this one
Island with 3000 people. And you've never seen herds like this before.
It's crazy. I want to bring you, it was when I ha I haunted them years ago.
Um, and I remember the area I had been had been hunted very, very heavily.
Uh, did they call them? They call them doles or Hines Hines.
It had been hunted very heavily stags and my God was the, from my,
from my very limited perspective,
from just a small set of experiences that happen over a couple of days.
It seemed like, um, the,
the pressure on the males had been extraordinary where it seemed like you would
see a hundred Hines per stag.
And I don't know if that's common. There are not. No, it's not.
It's all I remember remembering, like very surprised by that. It's almost 50,
50 when you go to these areas, uh, that are, you know,
in Lanai. And apparently the same thing with Maui. They're everywhere.
There's so many of them. Maui has a real, uh, eradication, uh,
sort of a program underway, which is controversial, right? Very controversial.
But they're also selling it. There's a, they're selling, uh,
venison sticks and venison jerky. And there,
there's companies that are establishing these. They're,
they're establishing these a conservation efforts where they're going out and
they're shooting X amount per year, like 6,000 per year, which is like,
doesn't even put a dent on, is the goal of Radication
or is the goal just to limit limit them?
But they eradicated them from the big Island.
Somebody had put them on the big Island.
Somebody had taken them from one of the other islands and put them on the big
Island and they had spent millions of dollars to eradicate them. Forgive me,
stop me if we spoke about this before,
but there's a kind of an interesting perspective that someone gave to me about
Hawaii where we have this list, you know,
Hawaii just dominated by non-natives. Okay. Um,
I'm going to be wrong about somebody, but I don't think I am breadfruit,
coconut, um, all these,
like all the major fruiting trees are non-native and so much of the wildlife is
not named. I mean they have like, like surprising shit. They have wild turkeys.
There's wild cattle, pigs, acts, deer.
I mean just like BlackBuck antelope running around wild horses.
Chuckers pheasants. Just they hunt horses. Yeah. Yeah.
I will start a new guy one time that snares cattle.
Wow.
I don't if he does it illegally or not, but he snares cattle. My mom's a,
um, I guess I would call it, you know, technically he'd be my stepfather.
It feels funny. My mom, my stepfather, my mom's husband who,
who she married after my dad passed away, he grew up snare in white tail,
deer with garage door cable. But they, they were like,
they were farmers and is eight and that was sort of his relationship was deer
set in snare at setting garage cable snares. Yeah.
And just using that as a source of food. There it is hungry, you know, poor. Um,
but uh, anyways, in Hawaii, right.
Those were con,
those islands were colonized by humans like 1100 years ago and those in silver,
now we have like native Hawaiians or Hawaiians. Right. Um,
and I've spoken with,
with some native Hawaiians who feel that there's this uneasy relationship
between what we're regarding and describing as non native wildlife,
even down to pigs, even though their ancestors, you know,
1100 years ago brought the pig to the Island and someone expressed me very
simply, he's like, how can I be Hawaiian?
Like I'm native Hawaiian, I damn sure am Hawaiian.
Why is the thing that I hunt regarded as a non native and needs to be eradicated
is like if we really want to talk about non-natives,
I feel like that would be you. Right? Yeah.
And he was like, yeah. And he was kind of pissed about this,
this attitude towards, cause these are guys that like to hunt,
eat a lot of wild game about this attitude to access to your and his attitude to
pigs. And you hear the same thing out of Australia.
You to say anything out of New Zealand which has guys who have this,
this difficult relationship with the things that they've come to hunt and the
things that have sort of been culturally accepted,
culturally accepted as as wildlife. Right. Um,
where people, you know, I don't want to use,
I don't want to use environmentalist here in a way that makes it be that the,
that the hunters aren't necessarily environmentalist but in ways where some
people with what they would describe as an environmental agenda want to see
species eradicated.
The people who have been interacting with for a hundred years in some cases
like, like in Hawaii in some cases,
perhaps a thousand years they've been interacting with it on the landscape,
but then someone wants to come and say we want to get rid of it cause it's not
native. And it causes like a ton of tension.
Where it creates a weird situation for people in, in,
in some of these places is that hunters have long justified their actions to the
public as being that we're controlling, right?
We're like controlling nonnatives so we're doing a good thing.
But then someone says like, Oh, you know, I got in that better idea,
let's just kill all of them.
And then the Hunter was like, Whoa, we know they did that off.
I don't mean like that was an Island off the California coast that was filled
with elk and deer. Oh, what was it called? I don't forget.
See if you find the Radikale it all of them, they just machine gun them. Yeah,
just helicopters and just eradicate it. All of them.
Are you familiar with the practice in those cases where they could have a Judas
animal? Yes. Yeah, that's good. Shit is a great a article about,
or a podcast about that from a radio lab where they kept sending this Judas goat
toe at the Galapagos and he'd find the other NGOs and like [inaudible],
they'd got them all down as Judas go and be like, where am I friends?
Fuck and just keep, keep wandering off. And you know,
he sterile so he can't breathe. Oh, Zara.
And he'd go to find these other goats and they'd follow the collar,
the GPS on the collar and find the new group of goats.
And they'd gun them down too. That would begin to wear on a human.
Yeah. I don't think goats entirely go. What's going on there day?
We had a meeting with our kids. Okay. We had a meeting with our kids. Oh,
Santa Rosa Island. Yeah, so Santa Rosa Island. Dude, I was just,
that was there not long ago.
It used to be filled with elk and deer and people had sort of set it up.
Santa Rosa Island elk. They had set it up.
Pro hunters hit Santa Rosa Island,
[inaudible] nationals, and that case I would have used professional,
not pro murders, deer murderers.
This was in 2011 so it was a few earlier,
fairly recent thing where they eradicated all these animals.
I just not long ago fished off there. It's supposed to be amazing fishing.
The Catalina apparently is like the greatest Maaco shark fishing in the world,
which is here. Here's a weird one. Shark fishing.
All of a sudden you're an asshole.
They used to be with jaws like you caught a shark. Hey, good.
Get that fucking thing outta here. They're going to kill people. Yeah.
Now it's like you monster shark's fin soup, don't you care about that?
Don't you know this global warming, like everything is conflated.
It's all like piled on together. Like you, what are you doing with a shark?
You used to be able to buy Maaco shark in a restaurant. Oh, you still see it?
But there is a there. I saw a thresher shark
the other day on a menu. I did a story, I did a magazine story about this long,
long ago. It was like, it was a road when I got out of school night,
it was the first like assignment.
I had to go write a article and I was wearing it for outside magazine. And um,
this is 19 years ago, man.
And there's a thing called Maaco madness and it was this thing in Montauk.
Uh, you know what's funny about doing this,
this is in 2000 and I got sent out there, had never,
ever been to New York and I didn't even go into the city.
I just flew into wherever the hell I flew into and got a car and stupidly took a
cab to, I didn't understand the, I was very young.
I didn't understand like I took a cab from like the airport out to Montauk.
Oh my God. Yeah. How much does that cost? I don't even remember if I remember,
like when I had to turn in my expenses, people are like home. What? Nobody,
I just, I didn't know. But anyways, it was funny cause uh,
I remember driving along and seeing the,
it was like the summer before and seeing the,
when it was like a year before and seeing the twin towers, you know,
and I was like my first ever view and I never saw that place again.
I never saw it again until after. But there's this thing called, uh,
Maaco madness and I was like a shark tournament and traditionally had been like
a contest to get the biggest shark and they would bet money on it.
And there was like the general registration fee.
So all these captains who had charter boats would join Maaco madness and they'd
book clients on their boats for Maaco madness. And when you had to,
you had to pay some amount of money. There's probably still goes on,
you have to pay some amount of money to register your boat to be in the contest.
But the real money was in all these side bets called cow cutters.
And so you could,
there was enough side betting going on run all the various captains that the
biggest Maiko could win 100,000,
couple hundred thousand dollars to catch the biggest Maaco.
But the sort of the fatal flaw in this tournament from a public perception
standpoint would be that there was a category for just biggest shark.
And there's a category for like biggest Maiko.
So people going out like at a time, this is when,
at, this is when shark populations were still, you know,
and globally they're still on the decline.
But there was still a lot of shark bycatch from swordfish,
long lining and other things. And there was,
people were getting very worried about shark stocks and shark numbers. Um,
and at one time Maaco madness.
There's a lot more makos like people would be writers or makos.
But there had been some years where Maaco madness had no makos.
People weren't bringing in a Maaco so everyone would go out and just take,
make damn sure that like, I don't want to come back empty.
So they would catch a blue shark.
Cause if no one caught a Maaco,
you still might get biggest shark from catching a blue shark.
And at the end of this thing, man, they had dumpsters. They were not dumpsters.
They had,
they would fill a dumpster with blue sharks and no one would eat it.
Dude would, no, it would go into a dumpster. You can eat blue shark. Yeah.
Well you can, they're high and urea. And as you know, it's like everything else,
like yes, you can still pose the most edible Maaco thresher.
Um, can you eat a great white, you know, it's funny about great whites.
There's a guy as a writer I love,
and he does all of these fisheries guidebooks named Vick Dunaway.
I don't know if he's dead or alive, but I got all of his books.
He's got like Gulf coast, Pacific ocean land at coast. Um,
he does these books like it's like all the fish that you're likely to catch,
kind of like how to catch them. Then what I like about it,
he's got like a quality food quality section and his food quality sections are
really funny. And like the,
the highest praise you can give something like excellent or one of the best,
right? So if you look up snuck, it'd be like one of the best. Um, his,
his headline for great. I lurked in great white shark. He says, don't even ask,
but people feel that they'd be good because salmon shark are good.
These come porbeagles like salmon shark have very good reputation and makos have
a good reputation and threshers have market value.
And there's other sharks in other areas. They have market value,
but those ones are like our ones that are popular table fair. Um,
the assumption is that white, that great white sharks would probably be good.
It must be somebody who's eating one. Oh,
I'm sure there's plenty of people that are beating them.
But at this Maaco madness thing, I can't remember the point I was getting at.
What the hell was I driving at? But talking about Maaco madness. Oh,
in this article I got into like the history of where like shark hunting and
killing sharks came from is you're familiar with jaws, right? Well,
sorta the shark fishermen character and jaws is based on this like very real
dude,
Frank Mundus and Frank Mundus used to fish out of Montauk and at a time Montauk
was his premier destination for catching swordfish and big bluefin tuna.
And as those big pelagic fisheries had claps from overfishing in the seventies
Frank Mundus, he'd go out and he'd just go out and find a, you know,
he'd go out famously who'd go out and find a beach whale are not a beach whale,
but a floating dead whale.
And he'd anchor up on that whale and catch big ass great whites and then come in
and hang the bloody carcass up on the docks.
And he made necklaces with tooth sharks and shit.
And he became like the monster man or something of the monster Hunter and
started to book all these crazy trips were tourists to come and be like,
Holy shit, I want to go kill a big monster.
And he's credited with having created this like culture of like going out and
getting yeah, that's Frank Mondo. You see that picture? Upper left dude.
So yeah,
he kinda like built this idea of like shark haunting and inlet shark bite in his
forearm. Go back to that. That'd be interesting.
What's going on as I understood form. Ah,
something took a bite out of that motherfucker. Yes. He's got the necklace.
Yeah, the dead shark and Frank Mundus kinda like,
like spawned this sort of thing where you'd want to go out and catch a big shark
and hang it up and then throw it in the dumpster. Wow. And people
look at, like, when people look at that history, they look at it being is like,
it's like in some ways Mundis and shark hunting was symptomatic of declining
fisheries. Look at that picture of him and the dude from the movie.
They're so similar. Look at that.
The black and white in the color next to each other. Look at that. Oh yeah.
What was that guy's name? The guy in the movie. Can't remember.
What was the actor's name? That guy was fucking awesome. What a great scene.
You know Moe Fallon. Yeah. That's still his favorite movie.
I think it's great. Most dude, he loves jobs. Right?
It's interesting that the narrative you could convince the next time you see
him, have him convinced you the jaws is the greatest movie ever. Great movie.
It's a great movie. Richard Dreyfus. And come on, um,
the narrative of a shark's fin soup and sharks being, you know,
something that we need to protect that sort of,
it's a new thing and something that only existed over the last decade or so.
I think so, yeah. Used to be if you caught a shark like good for you,
you keeping it from killing someone who's swimming or someone who is surfing
the, the, the, the idea of sharks, fin soup.
And it's allure was driven home to me one time when we were in Berkeley and we
were at a boat launch and we'd come off fishing and we'd been out fishing for
leopard sharks. Um,
remember all of the life aquatic [inaudible] that's a good movie.
Do you like his stuff or know bill Murray love him? I mean,
like the director Anderson was saying, Oh,
what has he done besides that fucking a Royal Tenenbaums. Oh,
okay. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. I think his masterpiece was life aquatic.
But uh, in there they got, you know, the,
the famous shark and is the Jaguar shark, which is a good idea for shark.
I don't think it exists, but there are leopard sharks.
We were fishing for leopard sharks.
We came back to the boat launch and there's a dumpster there and every cleans or
fish and throws a fish guts and the dumpster.
And I remember there's a gentleman digging through the dumpster
getting out leopard shark fins and, and heads and stuff.
And I took pity on him.
I thought that he was acting out of some sort of desperation and I said,
uh, Hey man, do you want like a nice filet?
I'd be happy to give you a filet. And he's like, no, you just want it.
Just the fins just to make soup. Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever had it?
No. I've had it. Charfen zoo. Yeah. Did you enjoy it? It was weird.
It was weird. It was like, it's okay. It's okay.
It's definitely not worth eradicating a fucking entire species for no,
it's a little disgusting. Uh, it's a little disgusting. And I,
you know, I'm always reluctant, like I'm always reluctant to,
I'm a little bit reluctant to sort of, uh,
over simplify things around, around harvest and,
and animals and stuff because a,
I think people can take it too far, but if you've seen of people cut
and fins and dumping the sharks in the water and kicking the sharks off the deck
into the water dark. And I think,
but it speaks to something I think that seeing like live Finless sharks going
into the water speaks to something about just your level of care.
Do you want me like whether you view something as as sacred or not,
it's hard to see that the individual engaging in that as viewing it as as sacred
and there is like Aw,
you know there's a lot of stories about even like swordfish captains, uh,
you know,
burning blue sharks and stuff and AFA G cause they lose so much of their sword
fish catch the blue sharks. But to see people kicking them off,
it speaks to something about animal suffering.
It speaks to something about like what does that person's view of the resource?
Like to what boot, how do they respect it?
But it also speaks to like a general thing where you,
you don't like to see things wasted. Yeah.
And my minor saying about like one of the things that slowed in U S waters,
one of the things that slowed finning was just used to be able to go out and you
could feel your hold full of just sharp parts.
If you were a a fishing cap, then you could just be like, Oh,
I'm just gonna keep the fins. And eventually they made it. Um,
I'm sure someone to correct me if I'm wrong here, I don't think I am.
They eventually made it that whatever you have for shark materials in your boat
on a commercial operation, only a certain percentage can be comprised of fins.
And since when you're on a commercial vessel, your hold like your, your,
the air where you keep iced fish is finite. It's limited. Um,
it want to be not worth it because let's say only like 30% of your shark parts
could be shark fins and you had to keep the rest.
It wasn't worth it to fill your holed full of like shark meat.
And so it's sort of de-incentivize people to go out and fin in us waters. Mm,
that makes sense. I had it a long time ago.
I had it back in probably the 90s at a Chinese restaurant in the U S or
overseas? Yes,
pretty sure. Pretty sure it was us.
Yeah.
I don't think I'd ever traveled overseas in the 1990s I barely remember it.
How old were you when you first went overseas?
[inaudible]
overseas. Sounded like, yeah, like old sailors. I'm trying to re [inaudible]
I think I was in my thirties so Canada doesn't count as overseas? No.
You can walk there no more because of like the Darien, you know, gap in,
in central America. Like when you go to Argentina,
is it overseas?
It can be to video if you come from Florida, right.
It depends on how you go. You can go the tumbler dead nuts over central America.
Did you go overseas? It seems like it's kind of overseas.
That seems like a bad term. But you didn't, you,
you didn't have occasion to travel a lot. No. When you were young. Well,
I traveled a lot from fighting all around the country when I was young and then
I traveled a lot for comedy inside the country, the same thing.
So there was a lot of traveling,
but like traveling to another country was like, Ugh,
what am I doing going over there for them. Oh really? Yeah. It's just more,
more travel. Yeah. You know, that's the,
it took me a while to get used to the idea of traveling for a vacation,
let go when, you know, the idea of vacations,
like going on vacation somewhere in Europe at like get the fuck outta here.
I'm not traveling for fun. I don't like traveling. I want to sit, sit still.
Yeah. Guy. Whenever I get to vacation I just want to stay put.
Then I realized that you just swallow it.
Just deal with the flight and the next thing you know you're in this really cool
place. It took a while for me to sort of adjust my, my, my view on that. Yeah.
Well you have a hard time taking leisure. I used to,
I used to have a hard time taking leisure now. Um, I look at it like,
like sleep,
like you need sleep and I think you need leisure and I think particularly for
creative person, for person who writes and comes up with things,
you need downtime. I just had a buddy of mine,
we were having this conversation about that where he was saying that, um,
he feels like he's just working too much, is doing too much comedy.
He's not taking in enough. Just putting too much out and not taking enough.
Yeah, man, that's a pretty good point. Yeah, you have to,
it's almost like you have to think of it as a diet.
Like what is your mental diet? You know,
your physical diet is obviously very important if you're an athlete.
But if you're a creative person,
you have to have an awareness of your mental diet.
If you're just taking in sugar all the time, just nonsense,
junk food and bullshit like your,
your brain is filled with uninteresting,
uninspiring thoughts and you know,
the same sort of typical narrative over and over and over again.
Whereas if you can figure out a way to go to Thailand or something like that,
you go, Whoa, these people are living a totally different life.
This is a totally different way to live. And it just, she just,
even if it's ever so slightly, it broadens your perspective.
I can only really relax when there's nothing I could possibly be doing.
Hmm. And my kids aren't fighting. I was laying,
I had to do this insurance policy thing. I've told this story a thousand times,
but I haven't told you I'd do this insurance policy thing. And, and uh,
I like lay on my couch, this dude,
this dude comes over my house to take my heart rate and do a bunch of, Oh,
no health tests. Anyways,
I'm laying on my couch and he's got this monitor hooked up to me.
He's got to do it for a long time. I can't remember how many minutes,
but it's like a long, it's not like going into the doctor for a checkup or that.
It's like, take your polls from it.
Like he's really like checking your shit out and I can hear my kids now and then
like a little fight flare up upstairs. And I asked the dude,
I'm like, can you see that? He goes, Oh, I can see that. Me hearing it,
me hearing that like now. Right, right.
Yeah. But my, my older brother, Matt, who's, who's a very thoughtful,
um, somewhat acentric person,
he's now says that he needs,
he's going to sleep nine hours a night,
which seems like an but he's like done the math on it. And he says,
if you're going to measure me in terms of productivity,
I'll actually do more a nine.
Then let's say six and you give me all those extra hours,
but those extra hours aren't as productive. Anyways,
I had a podcast with a guy named Dr. Matthew Walker, who's a sleep expert,
written books on sleeping,
and he talks about the vast amount of Americans that are under rested and,
and what an impact it has on your hormonal production,
on your body's ability to recover on your happiness and your, your,
your body's ability to produce endorphins and all these different variables that
are extremely important to happiness and to productivity. And he's like,
the vast majority of people are fucking themselves over vast majority in great
ways.
It increases the possibility of dementia and Alzheimer's and all these different
factors. If you go, you look at guys like, uh,
like Ronald Reagan like famously slept like four hours a night.
So we've got a fucking Alzheimer's.
Like it's really common with people that have a very small amount of sleep and
they take pride in the fact they're always pushing the needle.
Those people eventually the, the fucking the bearings start going. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you take caution to sleep? I sleep a lot. I get good sleep.
I'm very lucky. One of the things about,
because I exercise so much is that I'm always tired. Like when,
when I hit the hay at night and I get home from the comic store,
I fucking crash. I go down hard,
I get a good solid eight hour sleep almost every night. That's good.
When not when I'm in the groove of like,
like being careful about taking care of myself and, and uh, yeah.
Doing like a lot of regular exercise.
How much your appetite for food and your appetite for sleep,
your appetite for meat as the big increases. Great. Well,
my wife started lifting weights and one of the first thing she said, it's like,
God damn, I want meat like all the time she's doing squats and shit.
She's got this crazy Russian lady who's our trainer. So the lady,
the fucking Savage and [inaudible] doing all these crazy squats,
box jumps and that kind of shit. And she's like that Russian in the Rocky movie,
but it's just that dude was on like that dude was on to, what's it called,
where the people go to like the club house and roll rocks and shit. Oh,
like a CrossFit [inaudible] trainer in Russia.
Machines in Rocky that I have out there. The versa climber,
the first that I've found out about versa climbers watching that Rocky movie,
when Drago was on that thing, I was like, man, he looks like he's working hard.
That fucking versa climbers. That's a bitch, man.
You ever do that thing like to do 32nd sprints in this, like
your legs and your arms,
you're just peddling and it's like your climate and you can increase the
resistance. So it's like for grappling, there's nothing like it.
It's an easy true, everybody hates it though. He,
most people they'll do gravitate towards the treadmill or elliptical machine or
other things. They look at that thing like no, no, no, no.
Yeah cause it's not fun.
You don't get [inaudible]. Yeah, you don't get lost in it. It's horrible.
It's horrible.
But it's amazing when you refer to like how you fill your head up,
like what you fill your head up if it's just like junk and sugar and how much
time you have to process stuff.
One of the things that I've noticed and it's kind of started,
it's begun to start on me a little bit is I used to find in social situations
that I would be very interested in letting people know what I thought about
stuff. Even shit I had no business talking about.
And I think that you see people like when you see like someone who is older and
we have this idea that like old, the older,
wiser person and they're just taking in everything and they've learned to be
quiet. Yeah.
People don't really think about the fact that maybe they're just like sick of
hearing themselves talk that to the end of the saddest thing is those an old
moron, right?
I want to say, yeah, but I mean, I think I [inaudible]
you need to explain again,
it's old racist and old dummy old person who has like ridiculous,
archaic views of women or ridiculous archaic views of society and culture and
immigration,
all these different things like a person without nuance and old person who is
not learned from the humbling experiences of life and whose has not looked at
himself and his own folly and, and has a humorous take on it. The description.
Yeah. You're painting a flattering portrait. Yeah, man, I think about it a lot.
I don't want to be that guy. You know, I encountered
a dude like that not long ago where we decided that we're going to take our
kids,
like we're gonna take our kids out to eat and I don't want to have to deal with
any kind of like added noise. And I was uh, trying to come. I wanted to go on.
There's like this, like truck sells tacos,
it's called like LRO day or something like that.
Let's go to that taco truck and eat,
cause I'm gonna talk to anybody and deal with anybody.
My wife convinced me to go to a brew pub so we go to of group home.
I'm kind of like in a minority pissed off because I'm the kind of half mad at my
wife for making this be in a potentially social situation.
And I'm sitting here in,
this old man walks past me on his way out of the restaurant and he's got a do
not resuscitate bracelet. Oooh, okay. He's like, he's got a little walk you,
it was for pegged Keynes. He's got a four pegged cane,
it's probably a name for that and a do not resuscitate bracelet.
And he walks out what his wife, girlfriend, whatever,
and she wanders off and he's just standing outside the restaurant and it's just
killing me to know what that's all about.
So I grabbed my older boy and we walk out and I'm like,
you know, I couldn't help but notice that you have a bracelet. Says,
do not resuscitate a, what's that all about?
You know, and I said, do you just feel that if it's your time,
it's your time and you should and you don't want modern shit to like interfere
and sort of what you imagined to be like the way things go.
And he explains to me is like no, I goes, he's like pissed. He's
already pissed. He was probably pissed for, I talk to him, he's like,
I don't want oxygen, I don't want CPR, I want nothing. And he goes,
cause I was having a heart attack and they resuscitated me and broke two of my
ribs,
therefore I don't want to be resuscitated.
I remember thinking like [inaudible] but you were having a heart attack.
Like the tradeoff seems minor. Yeah, but just like he was,
he was so kind of just pissed that they broke his ribs.
Did he couldn't even see.
I'm like another way of looking at it would be that they saved your life,
but he said he just wanted to suffer his heart attack with ribs and tact and at
this point we're just rather die than have broken ribs or something.
I don't even,
I couldn't even begin and all of a sudden I thought he was interesting all
sudden. I didn't think he was interesting anymore.
That's such an unfortunate perspective because if he said like not a great
story, but you said, I'm saying no, it is a great story because it's like if he,
if he said, Hey, I had a good time. It's, you know,
there's only enough room for so many people.
That's what I thought I was going to get a, you know,
that's what I thought I was going to get come forward to meet and Jesus. Yeah.
I thought I was going to get that. So much so that I brought my boy with me.
Oh boy. Because when I was a little kid,
my dad would go out of his way to have weird people over to the house. Yeah.
It was important to him to expose his kids, the weirdos. So I was like,
come on son,
we're going to talk to this crazy old man with a do not resuscitate bracelet and
you're like, learn something about life. I'm like, no, never mind. Never mind.
Forget that guy.
I was hilarious to trade off of broken ribs for life and broken ribs takes like
a couple of months and you're fine. Hey, you want to be like, dude,
you're at a brew pub with your girlfriend and she's going to get the car.
You didn't want to continue this fight like this. Not bad, not bad.
It's not bad. Bad. You just suffer for a little bit.
One of the things about growing up with martial arts is you're always injured so
you don't look at injuries the way some people look at injuries.
You look at injuries like, ah, I've got to go get this fixed.
You gotta get it fixed. I've had both my knees reconstructed.
I've had a bunch of, she might have his reconstructed.
I've had a bunch of shit fixed. You just get it fixed. It's like, ah,
I fucking tore this thing. I'm going to go get it fixed.
I don't view it that way. Uh, John has had meniscus surgery on brutality,
had meniscus surgery on his knee. And what's crazy you'll,
you'll have something to say about this cause this is kinda in your,
in your world a little bit. Uh,
I developed a knee ache that I had for months left because of him. No,
I don't know. Well, no, I don't know.
Pregnancy with the game and the time I would've told you, you know,
after this at the time I would have told you that my knee absolutely hurt and my
knee hurt. Um, and the pain drifted around and it hurt all the time.
And I was acutely aware of the pain in my knee and I had it built up.
And then I had made the mistake of having like a passing conversation with an
orthopedic
surgeon was like, Oh, you know, it was probably this or that. It's,
you can fix it. But then, then it got worse and worse and worse.
And I finally go down to a doctor to do all the scans and shit.
He's like, you know, you have some arthritis.
You could probably solve the problem with some physical therapy.
There's like a band that runs down from your hip and I think that's like flaring
up and that's why the pain bounces around and dude, it wasn't two later,
two days later that pain was gone. I said to Yonis, I'm like, man,
I feel like psychologically frail. I feel that there's a very, I was like,
I feel it.
There's a very thin membrane that separates my brain from my body and Yana said,
there is no membrane that separates your brain from your body. And I don't,
I can't rule out now that I'm,
I can't rule out now that I'm like mentally pretty weak because the minute
someone told me there's not actually a problem or I need to get a surgery,
I like, I, I like I, I now try to feel the pain, but I can't find it.
It is no corresponding like hiking or anything that has contributed to it where
you weren't doing it once. It felt better
one day, um, in the spring,
uh,
me and my buddy Pete Munich went out looking for black bears during black bear
season and this was when I was really like,
thought I had a knee problem and we went out and we didn't hike a long ways.
We hike maybe six miles and um,
and I came back and noticed but it was real mucky.
You know when you're walking and your feet keeps sticking in the market and then
your feet build up a layer of Mach on your boot bottom and then it comes off and
then you're walking cockeyed cause your other boot hasn't shed its boot mud
layer. Yeah.
We had one of those walks and after that walk the pain went away for two days.
But yeah man, I don't know.
It can be like a deep fear of being old and shit. That's real.
My eyesight's going bad. Mine too.
I see you wearing those little glasses all the time and I saw you a minute ago.
You didn't have him and you couldn't bear to look at your phone? No,
I can read that. But you had to, you had to like hold it unusually far away.
I felt it was I reading like that like that I can read or you read that that's
not a problem. Know you had a thing. I'm going to be honest with you,
your head up and tilt your eyes down and held it far away. I felt
I do do that.
I do do that sometimes but mostly with my phone that's not an issue.
Like I can read emails and shit. The real,
the real problem is a laptops like the laptop but with small texts or reading
that like that piece of paper in front of him that's fucked.
Like if I had to read that,
I mean I could do it but I've got to do this talking monkey and corporate or
there's another podcast called the drunk. Jill was reading my release. Yeah,
it's a, it's just reality. You know your body starts to deteriorate.
There's nothing you can do about it.
[inaudible] use it as like all this like journey of life. Shit, right? Yeah.
But he's all into like weird Yonis is into strange stuff.
Like he thinks you can kinda like, you can kind of like, um,
not address things manifest. He just believes that
he believes, I don't want to put words in his mouth, but I feel that,
uh, this is a, this is a long debate we have about psychological States.
I feel that you can have pessimistic thoughts,
but as long as you behave like an optimist, you'll, you'll get the same outcome.
Meaning let's say you go hunting and you have feelings that like it's never
going to work out. We're never going to get one. But you do everything right.
It doesn't matter what's in your head because your actions are such the only
thing. He doesn't like to entertain the negativity.
He doesn't like to entertain the negativity cause he feels that. But I'm like,
well, what does it matter if we still hunt hard?
What does it matter if I feel like it won't work as long as we hunt hard,
it doesn't matter. And I think that he feels,
he would argue that that mental state
affects outcomes. And so he applies this to all the aspects of his life.
Having a sense of positivity.
I think there's a benefit to having a sense of positivity in the sense that
you're going to enjoy the experience more.
If you're always walking around pessimistic and then things happen that are good
and you're like, well look at that. All right, well tomorrow is going to suck.
That was a fluke. Whereas if you just are appreciating the fact that Hey,
here I am living in America, you know, I'm healthy, I don't have cancer.
Like uh, could be so many things worse that are wrong with me.
I could have been born with weird birth defects.
I could have been poured and you know, El Salvador with no feet,
I could have been, you know, living in some fucking drug ravage community.
I'm lucky. Just extremely unbelievably lucky.
Like if you had given the opportunity to be Steve Rinell,
if you were some guy who was living in some terrible third world country with
you know, awful drug cartel violence all around you, he'd be like,
what would you, what would you give to be like a regular guy living in Bozeman,
Montana and a beautiful place and have a healthy,
happy family and a great way to make a living. You're like,
what am I going to do? What do I have? You're giving me,
you're giving me patriotic stirrings, which I'm inclined to. I'm inclined to it.
That's why I got American flag back there.
Yeah. It'd be like, Oh, I can have a TV show. I can start a business.
Just have children. I don't think [inaudible] country that go to school,
they go to the Nike great school. Yes. For free.
Insanely for down the road. Yes, yes.
Yeah.
I mean there's not a lot of places like that anymore because people have a find
those places and fuck them up and overpopulated them,
but there's a few of them left. You just got to deal with extreme weather.
The extreme weather is the barrier for pussies. It keeps them out. I think so.
Yeah. I was moving to fucking Montana.
It's hard. That's why we just tried to buy a Greenland. Yes,
the shot got shot down. Well, I think I like that idea of that though.
I like it too. Things hilarious. Do you see his fucking post where he said,
I promise not to do this and he showed a picture of green room with a giant
Trump tower. I like that. This morning guys. Funny he might be an asshole.
People might hate them. They might. It might be a problem as a president, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah. You can deny that occasionally. He is fucking hilarious.
It is funny and I think that people try,
there are certain people that try hard to not see the humor in any of this.
I've retweeted it. I was like, get on with your bad self, Mr. Trump.
I look, I don't read my, my Twitter posts.
I'm sure a bunch of people got mad at me for that, but I don't read it.
I just post it and forget it. I just get out of Dodge,
I just leave a little packages and I get the fuck out of there.
I don't know what that picture that I found myself, uh,
zooming in trying to see what those people in those houses they had going on.
I was like, Oh, these guys look like they probably hunt. Well,
Greenland has so much natural resources and it's also probably a place that's
going to be an awesome spot to live in a hundred years when the fucking wrestle
world's on fire. Maybe they'll wind up there, man. Yeah.
Well muskox we were talking about that yesterday.
Muskox Jamie pulled up a thing, a statistic on mock socks. Muskox that um,
the success rate for bow hunting is 100%
in some units. Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah. In Greenland. Oh, okay.
100% in Greenland. Cause you know, they, they huddle, you know,
they huddle up to protect themselves against wolves.
So they just stay in a spot when they, they see a threat,
which is great for walls, but not so good for projectiles. Yeah, no,
I've haunted them for, yeah, apparently they're delicious.
Brendan burns said that they taste like the best Kobe beef. Yeah.
He said it's like really tough but good and marbled. Yeah.
You know what's funny is the, well I mean tough like, yeah,
tougher. But what's funny about, um, w w I,
I drew it permit like in Alaska the way they,
so I'm trying to find another way to approach this.
Any American speaking of America land of opportunity,
any American can apply for a permit to hunt for muskox and Alaska. Um,
and what units are available to you if you're not an Alaska resident? Very,
and I believe right now, um,
the only area that you can apply for a permit as a non resident might be new
Novak Island. And I drew a permit to hunt on, to hunt muskox on Nunavik Island.
I saw that episode. Yeah. And hunt in there. The,
the Tupak ask Mo and a bunch of people would be like, duh, duh,
duh. You can't say ask them. Oh,
but it was funny cause I asked that you pick man who I was staying with.
I'm like, you know, I feel like, uh,
I'm always told not to use ask him.
And he said, what the hell else would you call me? So I'm going to say,
and in deference to what this man prefers to be called these Chupa gusts,
he explained I'm Chewbacca Eskimo. I'm not something else.
I think the Canadian folks prefer to as anyone on the high end and the high
Arctic. Yeah. But then I think it's created a lot of confusion. Yeah. But um,
it was just interesting that on this, on this,
this Western Alaska coast along the Bering sea,
he a Tupak man was telling me that that was where he prefers to be referred to
as Tupak Eskimo. But the way that we know, like we, you know,
people consume wild game or talk about meat rise.
Like when rating meats,
we tend to talk about tenderness are not tenderness. Right. It was tough.
It was tender. It was talk, it was tender, tender being good. Tough being bad.
I mean, you've been involved in a hundred of these conversations. He like a,
this cherubic male. I was like, we prefer it to be tough.
You know that tendon that like if you look at the spine of an animal,
the the, the, the vertebra above its shoulder, we'll have like a,
what's called a thoracic belonger longer thoracic process.
Like that blade that comes up,
there's a tendon that runs from the top of those thoracic processes out to the
neck and it allows like big animals. It's really exaggerated on moose,
bison, mosque ox where it's like the size of your wrist,
this giant tendon that's more word to the top of those thoracic processes that
allows this thing like to hang its head,
which I mean the head is 80 pounds or whatever and it hangs off there.
They like that thing. Whoa real chewy meat.
And they even would that, they would cook the muskox,
they would basically like boil them.
They would take the tough parts of the muskox and almost like purposefully make
it more tough but kind of like boy,
like flash boiling it and they would talk about like this cuts good.
It's tough. Not Ooh, it's so tender. Why did they like that?
Did they split different varied preferences. Wow. That's weird.
But I liked it quite a bit, man.
What was funny is I gave a bunch of muskox to a Guatemalan woman in Seattle that
we knew and I gave a bunch of muskox to her and she made me a bunch of tamales.
So I had Guatemalan style tamales with Moscow, with muskox.
And we made a deal where I gave her a bunch. I said,
you can keep half of what I give you,
like make tamales and give me half the tamales. Ah. So he struck a deal.
I had a freezer full of frickin tamales, like wrapped up. But, uh,
and I would laugh about that, that, uh, you know,
my kids would have muskox sandwiches or muskox tamales and they'd go down to
school with, Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah, it was great.
My kids like freak out other kids at school, you know,
like, uh, like kids at my kid's school be like, Oh, what's your favorite food?
My daughter be like, I like, bear thinks it's hilarious that she's eaten bear,
you know, she, she likes to tell people bare sausage. It's my favorite.
And the other kid's like, what the fuck? You know,
kids that have never experienced any wild game and my kids have eaten, you know,
since 2012 when I started hunting,
they've basically eaten everything. They've eaten elk, they've eaten deer,
they've eaten ducks, they've eaten wild Turkey, they've eaten everything.
What's their, uh,
how are they viewed in their community?
Like how are you viewed in that? That like school, parent community.
I don't know. It's hard to tell cause you go to the events. Yes.
I got to go to one today. Yeah, I'm a weirdo for sure.
But you ostracized, friendly. No, I'm really friendly. So like most of the,
it's all hugs, you know, like the parents. Like I'm a nice guy.
So when I see those folks, it's all like friendly and hugs.
But some guys will pull me aside and ask me about manly activities
cause they feel like, how did you, you're, you're,
you're actually allowed to be a man and you're, everyone's neutered. You know,
like, so many guys are,
their wives are yelling at them and I'm off doing cage fighting events,
you know. And, and uh, I took a, where were you last week?
I was bow hunting and I was in the mountains but no cell service.
So they might be inclined to be like, Oh,
I don't like that for like middle America rednecks, but it's okay for you.
Well they know me, right?
So they don't the preconceived notion and they know I'm a good dad and they know
I'm very active and I'm constantly around my kids and I take it very seriously
and it means the world to me. So like parents, one of the most,
the most important things that I find is good parents respect good parents.
They see that you love your children. That's an interesting point. Yeah.
I mean if you find someone who's like a dismissive parent and is not interested
in disinterested parent,
it's like one of the most disturbing and disappointing things.
If you love someone,
you care about them and then you find out they're a bad person or a bad parent,
you have to reevaluate your perspective on them. Because to me,
being a parent and my wife is huge on this, it's like it's everything to her.
She will not talk to someone or hang out with someone as you feel like they're a
bad parent. And she, she,
she forms her relationships with her friends based on whether or not they're
good parents. It's everything. Because if you're, you know,
you're contributing to this community. So when I'm around these parents,
you know, I'm, I'm a nice guy, so it's all, it's all friendly,
but they all have questions. All these poor men that are stuck in cubicle jobs,
you know, men, men are tortured, you know, it's like that, uh, who was it? Uh,
the row. Yeah. Most men live lives of quiet desperation. Yeah.
It's one of my favorite, including through, well,
he knew what he was talking about. You know, it's, uh, it's
these, most people are just living this boring ass fucking life.
And I'm living this life where I'm telling jokes in front of thousands of people
and then I'm doing podcasts in front of millions of people and then I'm hunting.
And then, uh, and then occasionally I go off and I do cage fighting commentary.
It's like a caricature of masculinity. Really. Yeah. People get confused.
Well it is and want to smoke pot. So it's like, but that's going on here.
One of the things, one of the early things that surprise me about you is, man,
I don't want to use that word cause I don't want it to be insulting.
One of the things that, uh, yeah,
what are the things that surprised you about you?
But it's something that sounds like asshole ish is how serious you take being a
parent. Because I think that someone could look like someone could,
someone could add a glance look and be like, Oh, you know, uh,
discussion of drugs and like dirty humor and sorta go.
Like those are not congruence with parenting, but you take soup, you paint,
you take parenting like extremely seriously. Well, but you don't, yeah,
I don't think you, you, you're not like, you don't,
you're not so concerned with, uh,
people understanding the full package that you need to spend shitloads of time
telling everybody about how good of a parent you are.
Yeah. I'm not interested in that. Um, I'm interested in love, you know,
and uh, as a kid who grew up with sort of a deficit of it,
and it's very important for me to spread as much of it as I can,
whether it's through my friends or through children and to children,
it's like the most important responsibility because my friends, they're fine.
I met them, they're grown up,
still figure it out on their own and I'll help them when I can,
but [inaudible] but kids, you know, it's like you get one shot at that,
you get one shot at raising kids, man. You know, it's not,
he can't redo it. He can't go out of this one socks.
Let me rip it up and start from scratch.
Like you have to do it right and you have to and you're going to make mistakes
for sure.
But you have to spend as much conscious time talking to them and interacting
with them. And really, you know, I like it. I enjoy it.
One of the things that,
that you get afraid of about damaging your children is that you would leave a
legacy of damage. Yes, you can have,
I have all kinds of things that I did in my life in ways that treated people.
And I could sit here and name names, right. I'm like, things I did,
the people that were very unfortunate, I wish I hadn't done it someday.
Maybe I'll call him and apologize. But if you,
when you damage your kid, man,
man, yeah.
You're setting, you're like creating a string of decades.
Yup. Yeah. And maybe describes that they will do the same to their kids.
And it's also, it sort of reflects how selfless,
selfish or selfless you are. You know,
whether you do a good job or a shitty job, you know, I've know,
unfortunately I have friends that
are not that good at it. And you know, comics in particular,
there was a, I don't want to say any names,
but there was a guy who was friends with the son of a famous comedian.
Let me track that for a minute. Uh,
a guy who I know who grew up with the son of a very [inaudible] guy.
So now they get confused and people talk about like my cousins brothers, uncle.
Yeah. I know I'm with him.
And he was telling me that his dad was a piece of shit and he, he hated him.
And I'm like, God damn you dad's one of my heroes. Yeah.
When you talk to the actual son of the man, and he's like, yeah,
my dad's a piece of shit. And I'm like, fuck, I gotta know what to do with that.
You know, like, what do I say to, I mean, his art is amazing,
is his what he did to the world. I mean,
but what he didn't do was take care of his own backyard.
What he didn't do is take care of his own children.
I find that that creates some difficult because there's some writers,
not some immune, so many of them writers,
musicians, um,
actors who have, uh,
blessed the world with what they've put out. [inaudible]
but then you look at the destruction they sewed in their immediate vicinity.
Yeah. And you want to be like, well,
do you condemn it or are you just thankful that or is that like collateral
damage? Unavoidable collateral,
collateral damage in order to have the things that,
to have the things that we appreciate. Yeah. Well there's also,
you kind of follow what I'm saying 100%, well Hendricks, you know what mean?
This pod,
this podcast is called the G the Joe Rogan experience cause I stole it from
Hendrix. Oh really? Yeah, it was funny.
I was thinking about that earlier when I was sitting in your, your uh,
in the back room there and you had that,
I was just looking at the experience one and about where that came from.
Jimi Hendrix experience. Yeah. It's all 100% stolen from Hendrix. Um,
and then I read that he beat his girlfriends and really? Yeah, I was like,
what is that real like,
I don't want to think Hendrix even got mad on it.
Think he's that dude who put the bandana on and just played voodoo child.
You know, when, uh, I worked with Phil Hartman when Phil Hartman was a kid.
He was like 17 or 18 Hendrix played at the whiskey and uh,
he was there, uh, as like a roadie.
And his job was to keep the amp, uh, the speakers from falling over, you know,
so he stood there on the stage and Hendrix was right there playing guitar in
front of him. And the, the way he described it was like, his eyes were a light.
He was like, describe like, he's almost like he right there,
he was right there and he's playing, you know, this has been,
I grew up but just a giant Hendrix fan, like a giant fan led Zeppelin,
Hendrix, the doors like saw classic rock when I was a kid, you know,
suburban Boston neighborhood type shit.
You draw van Halen on your fucking notebook, that kind of AC DC logos,
you know, it's like that's, that's how I grew up. You know.
So I was trying to figure out a name for this podcast. I was like, man,
who the fuck is affected me more in terms of motivation than Hendrix?
Cause I listened to his music when I worked out and listened to his music.
Oh that's great. Driving to gigs, you know.
And plus he just seemed like so different, you know,
just such a crazy anomaly in pop culture.
This African American dude is like the greatest guitarist of all time.
Like you've all these rock guys. And one of the things that Eric Clapton,
it said like he thought he knew how to play guitar. Then he saw Jimmy Hendrix.
He was like, what the fuck? I realize he did Wayne like what am I doing?
Cause he was just so out there. He was so out there. It was so different.
You know, just a freak. Just an anomaly. It's like hung around me. Warren
[inaudible] I'm glad you guys got him doing a punk.
Good. That's great. I love it. Yeah. The head. Yeah. Hendrix.
I always point out to people that how I grew up, uh,
my dad discovered that I have his left eye, Donovan dominant and uh,
all the hand me downs, shit, guns arise right handed.
But I had to relearn how to shoot everything left-handed.
So now I talk about how I was like Hendrix,
where I had to shoot left-hander with right-handed gun.
Well, I shot my first deer with your gun. So left-handed gun,
your rifle. I had a cockpit on the wrong side. I remember.
No. Yeah, I shot your rifle though. It's out there, man. The deer's here.
Yeah. Yeah. Where did it lost its position of a prominence to this?
This is not the helmet table. Yeah. To Nazi helmet, right?
Yeah. It used to be right there. Hey, did you, did you see a,
I don't want to change so deep, but I do want a,
did you see the video I sent you? Which one of the shark tag and the dude?
The Instagram video. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Which one?
Let me shoot me. I've seen, that's one of the things that is just so crazy.
I get so many of those goddamn things sent to me. No,
I thought you'd appreciate it. I'm sure of a guy getting a,
I don't know what kind of shark it is. Yeah. I'll send it to Jamie.
What kind of shark is it? You know, I think it's a bull shark. Maybe.
I'm not sure.
Oh yeah, here it is. I was almost dinner. He says, yeah, here share two. Oh,
that was, yeah, dude, it's fucking terrible.
It's terrible. I'm terrified of sharks.
Do you think it's, yeah. Uh, [inaudible] I thought you'd appreciate it.
Yeah. Cause the, where would the, the, the, the, the um,
mental presence of that guy. Yeah. He kept together. Yeah. Just to like,
he's getting attacked by a shark and puts, not only thinks that,
put his spirit on in its mouth here, this right here pulled the trigger.
Boom.
Suck it bitch. Yeah. I mean, look, that thing was coming in hot.
That's amazing.
And that's some sharp thinking and he's attached to this fucking shark now,
right? Yeah, but he's stones it. Yeah. Oh, it's dead.
That's hilarious. [inaudible] yeah. Fuck sharks.
I wish there was more of them so you could say fuck sharks and not worry about
it. Yeah. Now he can't. Um, it's funny, man.
Like you were talking about sharks, you hear about guys, uh, the fish,
the Gulf coast and Florida and shit,
and you gotta be very careful cause a pulling the shark up on the beach,
people will get pissed. Oh yeah.
And they'll get pissed that you're fishing sharks because it lowers sharks in.
Oh, so it's a double whammy. Yeah.
Sharks have kind of entered like they've almost gotten like, um,
they've climbed.
Okay.
They've sort of moved in how we view wildlife.
They made the jump. They're up there with elephants. Yes. Yes.
They like almost, it's great news for a species, man.
If I was a different species and I was trying to like make my plan,
my three year plan, I'd be like,
I want to elevate my species up to,
I want to look at like what the shark's done and get there. Cause that shit,
that's where safety lies. Right?
Like if you were in their trainer and you wanted to get to,
I want to get to where Kanye is. Like if you were an animal,
I want to get there with this sharks. Like if I was a possum, yeah.
Of all the possum I'd get with other possums that I'd be like,
what does it take to get to, um, what elephant Joyce,
I was discussing with my kids right now.
People are th th th people don't consider possums. No,
they're like hitting with the car. No one cares. He's like, Oh,
it's just a greener, just keep moving. Yeah.
Uh, I was talking to my kids last night about racism in the insect world that,
uh, we were, we're hanging out outside and uh, my youngest daughter goes,
Oh,
it's a cricket and turns her back on this thing like,
has no concern at all. She goes from being, Oh, it's cricket.
I mean, and just turns her back. Same size. Like, you know,
saying prospect of danger. There's none just wandering around.
She thought it was a Roach and she was terrified. And then it was a cricket.
I find crickets in my house all the time. I capture them and I let them go.
Yeah. I'll bring them outside and let them go. So we do this, um, w you know,
this cricket is hanging out behind my daughter and then my dog comes over and
just fucking scoops it up and eats it and be like, Hey man,
why the fuck you eat in a cricket? And he's like laughing, smiling.
He thinks it's hilarious. It's like, fuck man, he's eight a cricket.
Yeah. We, uh, the, the racism, the species or whatever is, uh,
you know, we used to have a rat infestation. This Jamie,
what do you got here is a dog and eat that bird? Yeah. Oh wow.
Nope.
Oh man. That bird was like halo.
Frightened. Jamie's one of the better internet, uh, thing finders.
He's the best. He's got a gold
medal. You call that. It's like stuff. Fine. Internet finding.
Have you seen that cat? Yeah, I've seen that cat. Somebody sent me that.
That's up muscular. He's rippled that cat.
Looks like he's been running mountains. He's been taken down some Alex.
Yeah. He's ripped. You don't like, um, you had a, was he your podcast? I mean,
I know you had, um, uh, elk one Oh one. What is his name?
No, Cory Jacobson. Nope. Jason Phelps. Oh, that's right. That's right.
All right. Different guy. Phelps game calls. Right. I love that guy, dude. Yeah.
Great podcast too. He's a, he's a good guy for Tony. We had Corey Jacobson on,
no, no sir. Never met him. I'd like to have met him. I'd like to, to, uh,
Phelps. Uh, yeah,
like one just as an isolated specimen. Okay. Like,
like no context.
Nothing if he's like met them because whatever you like want to try and to park
at the airport and you're trying to find a spot and he's pulling out like,
Hey are you pulling out? Like you'd like them in that context.
He would just seem like a good dude.
But kind of as business it's kind of when I see him and his company like is the
thing that always pops in my head was a,
there's this term like [inaudible] like American elbow grease.
Yeah. I mean I do what's, tell people what he does. He makes elk calls.
Yeah.
He makes a wide variety game calls but he's acting like he's like very much
specialized in elk calls. Bits like grouping a logging family. Um,
you know, in,
in like a logging area in that industry at this particular time is a little bit
in the autumn of its,
of its life expectancy in the area where he grew up at as kind of his
background.
And this dude like interested in something good at something may retire early.
Like being an American, you know, the benefits of being an American. Yeah. Um,
not that we have a monopoly on,
but we have a lot of it just like great benefits.
And this dude just like starts making game calls and like what does mom and his
wife like builds a business man and is a good dude.
He, you know, is, it's called blowing a game call, right.
So he sends me his tee shirt, it says I blow Phelps and uh,
my wife was like throw it out. And I was like, no.
She goes, you're never gonna wear it. I'm like, it doesn't matter.
It stays cause he's the nicest guy. You know,
when you're already sitting like someone's a nice as like, yeah, like,
Oh he's the nicest guy. Like I don't know, I value that.
That means everything to me. Such a good dude.
I lose a lot of respect for people when they're really good at what they do,
but they're not nice. It's like I get it.
You had to figure out how to be good at what you did and what was sacrificed.
His community. If you sacrifice friendliness, this not necessary,
it's not necessary. It's a weakness. I really believe that, you know, and um,
it's a, it's common. It's common weaknesses like that.
Thinking of yourself before. The problem
is it's goal oriented, right? You're all,
you're worried about achieving success or achieving a certain position or a
goal. But the problem is when you get to that goal, you're going to be fucking,
you gotta be depressed.
You're going to be sad because you don't have any friends go on your way to the
top. You know, it's like you can't, can't, you have to see the trees.
You got to see everything. You got to see the whole forest.
You can't just keep your eye on the prize because you fuck over people and push
them aside along the way. And eventually you're gonna get,
but you have to fuck over some people. And I don't mean fuck them over,
but tell him to fuck off. Like there's some people that will get in your way.
People that are selfish that will trip you up,
cause you'll wind up being completely absorbed in their own problems.
And you're like, Hey, you're not dealing with your own problems.
You've made me the curator of your problems.
Sometimes you have to like know when to cut people loose,
but you also have to like, I know now I know that you're big on this too.
You're, you're big on tribe.
Like you have like those guys that you travel with or you do shows with.
This is like a tribe of you. Like you have a community and it's very important.
I respect that. I think that's very, that's huge.
That's it. But it's the thing I've learned from, uh,
my interactions with you and other thing I've seen is, uh,
you don't, you don't pray, turn it around and you don't talk about too much.
But you do talk about that. There are some things where you just,
you put up some firewalls in your life and the people that you're around,
and I have heard you refer to at times that that something got to,
someone was maybe like too damaging
in referring to people that it wasn't even like you were condemning them or
thought they were bad,
but you just referred to like times when you've had to like just sort of protect
what you had and what you care about and just make some things not part of your
life anymore.
Yeah. You have to do that. Sometimes you have to,
you have to realize that there's some people that are not looking out for
themselves.
Some people don't make that jump well and they keep that around. Yeah.
They keep that,
that influence around because they cause of maybe like misplaced loyalties. Yes.
I've noticed you bring that up a handful of times where you're like,
something just got to be where you had to like build. You just,
you had to be like, you, I love you, respect you, whatever. But I just can't,
I gotta protect these other things. Well,
some people get completely self absorbed and they burn everything around them
cause they're only thinking about themselves.
And even if you love them and care them or appreciate what they're doing.
Like some people are amazing at certain things. Like, you know,
we were talking about Hendrix, I mean if Hendrix did beat his wife,
I don't know if that's true or Pete, his girlfriends. Yeah.
But it's like some people are so good at what they do that like that's all
they're thinking about.
And they didn't develop these interpersonal skills or relationship skills or you
know, uh, whatever, you know,
they didn't develop a sense of nuance in terms of their perspective of the world
or a sense of, uh,
introspective thinking when they're looking at themselves and being objective
about they interface with the people around them and in life,
those people that are just like wholly focused on the self,
especially pure narcissist, which you run into a lot of them in show business.
And some of them, it's not their fault. You know,
you talk to them and if you believe in determinism, you know,
and you believe that they're a product of all the things that have happened to
them and then you run down the list of all the things that have happened to
them. It's fucking bone chilling. I mean, so many people that I know,
particularly in show business are there because of just a giant hole that they
developed in their self esteem. And there's the who they are as a child.
They didn't get enough love.
They got too much abuse and hate and bullying and all these varying factors that
made them push so hard to achieve success, to let everybody know, Hey,
I am special. Hey, I am something you were all wrong. And then the,
but along the way they, they burn everything around them. Yeah. And I don't,
I don't, you know, I don't want to, it's,
it's possible to get there without that. That's what I want to say. It's like,
it's possible to get there without being a piece of shit.
And some people think you have to be a piece of shit to be successful.
You don't, you don't have to.
Or I think some people get to where, remember earlier I mentioned, uh,
like the collateral damage.
I saw people have S you could develop such an inflated sense of what you're
bringing to the world that you ex,
you personally come to accept the idea that there is a price to pay. Yeah.
That price being other people.
Yeah, yeah. That's a problem. But then again,
if you don't have certain standards than other people will chew up all your time
and their problems become your problems and then aren't even thinking about
their problems. They're thinking about you thinking about their problems.
I mean there's many people that pawn off their problems and other folks and they
think that if you're a good friend, you're helping me.
Like you're not a good friend. You're not taking care of me.
You're not helping me. Like you're already helping yourself. Yeah.
The fuck are you doing for yourself.
Like this is a trap that a lot of people get stuck into.
It's codependency and it happens in a lot of relationships.
There's a lot of people that get involved in relationships.
Boy and girl that they find that the person who is their,
their soulmate is also the source of all their fucking problems.
And they're the curator of this person's life. They're there.
They're supposed to be like helping this person along because this person is
like deemed them the person who is most important to them.
And it's like you gotta you gotta find, you gotta find out what you know. Oh,
what is the, what's the boundary where you won't cross,
where you realize like someone is becoming an impediment to your own happiness
and success.
It's amazing the degree to which people deep down do care about,
um, what someone is quote like,
you know where I find that because I've been on your show a number of times.
Um, people are curious about you and people will often ask me, well, you know,
what's Rogan really like? But they know,
they know that they know what answer they want to hear.
Bad people would love a story. Okay.
You think of something like Oprah Winfrey.
I've found that people love a story about how bad,
like people are going to eat up a story that she's awful.
Yeah. The like, damn. For sure.
Like people want a story about somebody who bad,
but what's funny about what you've done, how you've done it is that,
and this happens quite often where people are like, they're like,
he's a good guy, right?
But they want to know that they feel like you are and they want to have a
confirmed. Not that they're like, Ooh, yeah.
Tell me the story about him being bad like they would with a lot of people.
If someone has a really bad story about Oprah, I'm like, Oh, I'm all ears.
Wow. Course. Wow. Wow. Well I think first of all,
cause Oprah's enormously successful. Like in some sort of preposterous way.
She's worth $1 billion. We're just talking. She can't sing, she can't dance.
She's not in good shape. Like what is she doing? She's just talking,
she's got $1 billion. Fuck her. I hope she, I hope she's a meanie.
I hope she's doing terrible. This is the thing about that.
It's like you want to find out,
Oh she got that way cause she's fucking people over. Yeah,
I heard she beats her assistant, her cheat, you know, you know what I mean?
She lit her sister's house on fire. Makes sense of the world in some ways.
Like you want to think that someone who's achieved that ridiculous level of
success is mean. I've got passed by Oprah. Oprah has a house in Montecito.
I pass by the house. Like that is your ridiculous house for a person.
It's like a giant lawn, $50 million house, a fucking huge estate. It's a castle.
She's a queen. You know, you don't want that. Like fuck her.
You know my house is 250 grand. Why isn't,
what the fuck is she doing with that 50 million?
That's not even a house she lives in. She just visits that like once a year.
Takes your shit there. Has someone cook for takes a nap.
Gets up and stirs and animosity makers and animosity. Yeah. Well,
you know,
preposterous success breeds animosity and that lady's got a lot of preposterous
success. You know there's certain people you meet them,
you want them to say like dr Phil, like a similar thing.
I would be receptive to a bad dr Phil story. I'm sorry. He's great.
Dr Phil is fucking great. My friend Jay is dr Phil's son.
I became friends with dr Phil through another guy through another guy because my
friend Ron white, my friend Ron white is a good buddy of mine,
is one of the best comedians on earth is good friends with J J McGraw,
who's dr Phil's son.
So I became friends with Jay before I became friends with dr Phil and then I had
dr Phil on the podcast. Dr Phil's the fucking nicest guy ever.
He's a regular guy, like you hang out and talk to him.
He's got a ridiculous amount of success, but he's hilarious.
He's like a regular dude.
Yeah. Before we started, we talked about how we're both pro marriage. Yes,
we root for marriages, right? But with kids. Yeah, but married. Yeah.
When there's no kids involved, I
still root for them. Yeah. You know, I root for marriages,
I root for happiness and sometimes happiness means divorce.
Well, I'm able to make the switch by even root for mayor.
I just root for marriages. I don't know what that's it. Well, cause you,
I know why because you grew up in a fucked up sort of situation where it didn't,
you know,
you grew up with broken promises and divorces and separating and that kind of
shit. A lot of that hadn't happened. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There was stuff that had happened well for chill, not for me,
but there was like, it was around right. It was in,
it was in our family history for sure. Yeah. Now mine too. Yeah. Um,
I, I root for happiness.
Sometimes happiness means someone getting the fuck away from somebody. You know,
my favorite story about, um, people being a good guy. Mo,
I mentioned Moe Fallon earlier. He's been on the show,
so I feel like I can mention them.
I'm assuming that your listeners like have this like amazing capacity for
retention, but so will Fallon's village show and Moe Fallon talks about to,
this is like a third, this is like a fifth hand story,
but Moe founds body meets the guy that used to be like,
who's the dude in the nerds movie who'd go like nerds? Oh yeah,
Whoa guy ogre. Yeah. Okay, check this out. Wow.
So reference Mo's buddy meets the dude who was ogre in the nerds and nerds,
not the nerds nerds. I fight. Oh man. So,
and the guy that doesn't want to bring it up but he can't help himself at bring
it up. He's like, you know,
I loved you and nerds.
So the guy goes into this big thing like, he's like,
do you have any idea what it would be like to have like your whole life defined
by some role you did long ago?
And I'm a thespian and I do theater now.
And you people that bring this up all the time, nerds, you know,
he does it like he like is cool with that. Right.
And enrolls into it and the dude's relief, the,
he enabled him to like have that recollection [inaudible] you know,
he was always like, yeah, okay,
people are going to look and when I hear that now if I see that guy,
I'm like that guy must be a cool guy. Right.
Cause he doesn't take himself too seriously cause he could roll with it. Yeah.
There he is. What's the, do you do pro wrestling or something
which on, on their ranch to the nerds moving. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean it looks like a guy that you would cast in a row row where he'd be mean
to nerds. Yeah. Some people take themselves fucking super seriously.
Like that's one of the best things about my career is like,
Oh I will for always be forever. Always be the fear factor guy.
Like if I wrote it. That's true. Ah, it's definitely true with some folks.
Really. Yeah. You can watch it. It's on TV. I mean you can still understand it,
but I don't know that. I don't know that that's where the case with you.
I feel like the, you might have a wrong impression of your, over your legacy.
Uh, it's in, there is definitely in there, in there, but it's not it, well,
maybe it's not there, but if anybody wanted like poke fun at me,
that's always there and I would welcome it. Like, I don't think it's right.
I'm the, I don't think that that happens.
It would prevent me from taking myself, my myself and my, you know,
I wanted to pretend I'm some sort of moody artists that has always followed the
path of creativity and artistic expression. No,
not whored myself out for like six years.
I think it's in your head, but I don't think it's in people's head. Maybe. Yeah.
I don't know. It's in some people's heads.
I can remember the first place I ever hear. You know what?
You know what helps to substantiate what you're telling me.
I know where I was sitting the first time I ever heard your name.
I know who I was talking to. And unfortunately,
I don't like to admit this is a long time ago. Unfortunately,
the point of contact when I was like, Oh, you're right.
Fear factor. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean fucking millions of people saw that God damn thing.
I need to tell you too.
That was the first conversation when I ever heard the word podcast.
Really? I know where I was sitting. I was talking to Helen Cho who you know.
Oh yeah,
I heard the word Joe Rogan and the word podcast and had no idea what either of
those things were. That's before you came on to, yeah.
I'm going to talk a long time ago. 12 [inaudible]. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not like,
I'm not, I mean I have, I don't want to say have my finger on the pulse,
but I'm not like a Luddite. Well that was when I heard [inaudible]
the word, the podcast was only three years old back then when you first came on.
Now it's 10 years old. That Craig as longer ago than that,
it was 2012 okay.
Cause that's when we went hunting maybe in 2011 and we went hunting in 2012
yeah. Yeah. So it was probably two years old.
The podcast was two years old and she said fear factor. I'm like, Oh
the world, the world of podcasting, man.
There was a funny variety article that was just written that Conan O'Brien is
blazing a trail in the world of podcasting and you know,
just got just openly shit on by the entire world who read that.
Like what are you talking about?
Like no one's even like his podcast gets like a hundred thousand downloads or
something. And in comparison to like Mark Mayer and or Adam curl,
all these people who've been doing it forever and ever and ever. But it's a,
it still to this day like this sort of in mainstream views and mainstream eyes.
It's like just starting to gain recognition when some people like Corolla has
been doing podcasts for 10 years and I think Marin has been doing it longer than
me. I've been doing it for 10 years. It's Marin's probably 10 11 years in.
You know, it's a, it's a weird world.
And how many years you guys been doing it now? Five. Yeah. Five years in. Yeah.
I listened to your goddamn podcast every week. I get on Monday.
Monday's mind one day. Yes. If I see a man, yeah, I really enjoy doing it.
And I, and I've tried to point out, um, I've tried to point out that,
uh, yeah, if it was the view I hadn't, I wouldn't have gone into it. Well,
you were really good as a guest and I was like, man,
this guy has so much unusual knowledge in his head and you're so good at
articulating thoughts and you have a background in journalism. You're,
you're so eloquent. Like, why wouldn't you do it? I'm like, it's so easy.
And there's like this market for,
for people that enjoy hunting and enjoy the outdoors. There's, you know,
there's,
and I don't mean any disrespect to anybody who's making podcasts do your best,
but there's a lot of clunky, uh,
poorly articulated thoughts that are being put out in podcast form.
And my, my thought was like, this is, um,
w the word spiritual is a very weird word, right? Um,
because it's been sort of co opted by assholes,
but there's this sometimes in LA for sure.
I was on a beach wearing [inaudible] and I'm with you, you know,
but there's a spiritual aspect to hunting. It's real, you know,
and one of the things that I really appreciate about you is like this idea,
like no shooting collar deer speaks to it.
It's like there's,
there's something about this that's not just about shooting an animal and eating
it. It's about the difficult difficulty of their pursuit,
what it means and what you're getting out of it as a human being.
And then also the recognition of what you're eating and when you're eating this
animal that this is a, this is a wild,
beautiful creature that you respect and that there's a certain amount of, like,
there's a certain amount of a feeling of loss and sadness when that animal dies.
And this is,
this is recognizing that this is real and it's hard for people to articulate
that.
And I think it's very important that there's people like you out there that are
articulating this and that,
that people can digest this in a podcast form and get it over and over again.
And they also get, cause you always do these big groups of people,
they get a sense of comradery too and where people are talking them.
And there's also like an up pride of hard work. You know,
there's a pride that comes through that which I think is very, um,
contagious like this, uh,
the feeling of appreciating and respecting hard work and like the way that you
were talking about Jason Phelps, you know, it's like that kind of a,
that appreciation for ingenuity and hard work.
I think it's very important for people. It's very important for people to here.
It gives you something that I don't, in terms of like outdoor,
like the outdoor world,
like whether it's hunting and fishing and just appreciation for wildlife.
It's not publicly articulated on a broad scale. You know,
when you referred to the comradery, which is super important to me.
Uh,
when I thought about making a show, um, you know,
not always had a lot of this, when I thought about making a podcast,
you know what always had a lot of installs. Your Ford was, um,
Howard stern in the mid nineties. Yeah. I don't know what his shows like now,
if I remember the era when it was, um,
I mean he made me even when he's still be on there, like hit him,
all these dudes around that were kind of like funny. Yeah.
And there's so many people in the room you couldn't tell who was talking.
It's just like people, it felt like people hanging out. Yeah. I liked that.
And I liked, um, fresh air Bertera girl. Sure. That I was like,
dude, you should do a combo
of Howard stern,
Terry Gross. Yeah. Like a thing. That was the thing I thought about,
but the comradery, that's one of the,
one of the things I like to see in most when people write in, they feel like,
um, they feel like it's that like people sitting around shooting the shit,
which, you know, it's a very, uh,
controlled shooting of the shit. Sure has to be.
It's controlled
well. That's why I personally use important, like there,
there has to be one person that's sort of like aware that we're all shooting the
shit, but sort of like gently guiding it. You know,
Opie and Anthony was the same thing for me when I started doing opion Anthony in
like the early two thousands, uh, I realized like, wow,
what is this crazy people don't, people that weren't fans of it back then,
it doesn't exist anymore. Unfortunately.
It was an amazing hangout for comedians. We would all go there and I would,
I would show up and Ricky Gervais' would be there and Jim Norton would be there
and all these guys would be there and Louis C K be there, bill bird be there.
We'd just be talking shit.
And Ari Shaffir we'd all be just laughing and chime in.
And even though it was six o'clock in the morning, like you went and did it,
man, you had a cup of coffee, you showed up and everybody was happy to see you.
And it was a hang and it was a really loosely structured hang that they put
together and that inspired me to kind of do my podcast in a similar way.
I don't know how comfortable you are pulling back the curtain or showing like
how the sausage is made, but um,
I was talking to someone recently about you and sort of how you do your deal.
That was like, if you, if you imagine this make you uncomfortable. No. Okay.
If you imagined that someone, I don't want this to seem like at all negative.
If someone read a transcript of your, of what you ask, you wouldn't be like,
Oh my God.
But you bring out things in and the people that you interview,
I like to listen to your show and you get something from people that people
don't get. Did you get it on purpose?
Uh, like I don't know what I'm getting. I'm trying my best.
Yeah. So I'm trying my best to relate.
Yeah. Do you like,
you know what I'm gonna do you ever say to yourself you don't know how to do
different?
No, I don't think that's the, the beauty of it all.
There's not that much thinking. I mean, I do think with some people,
like there's certain people at Cornell West, I read his book before he came on.
I really wanted to be prepared cause he's such a brilliant guy.
Same thing with like, um, uh, Sean Carroll, like a scientists,
you know, anyone who's like, yeah. You got your,
you're paying respect to the yes. The complexity of their ideas. Yes.
And like if say someone like, um, like Richard Dawkins,
we're talking about doing a podcast soon. If I, if I have him on,
I will devour his material for like a week or two beforehand.
I will read his book.
So I'll listen to recordings and conversations and debates that he's had and I
already am a big fan of the guy and so I'll get a good understanding of like
where I'm at when we lead into the conversation.
But then I won't have an agenda.
I would just like let the conversation flow and if a,
there's a moment in time where I want to ask him,
like you said this thing about Islam ones like do you, what do you mean?
Do you mean this in terms of we got general understanding of the religion
itself.
What about the individuals that are just trying to be good people that are born
into this environment and this sort of, uh, you know, I will,
I will have some places to go to if we get stuck and some things that I will,
but I won't, I won't force those things in. Yeah.
But I think it's like an mean without, with the,
the risk of sounding pretentious. I think that uh,
podcasting is in a weird way in art form and the art is in like the people
listening. Like, I know sometimes I talk over,
people are interject too much a disagree. It happens,
it happens. It just happens.
There's no way you can have a perfect conversation because I don't know when the
person's going to stop talking and,
or I don't want to lose a thought and I want to jump in with it.
But I'm way better at it now than I was five years ago.
And certainly way better at it now than I was 10 years ago.
And then I think that there's a,
it's an art to the way the things that you're saying sound and how they sound to
people.
And there's an art to expression expressing genuine open
mindedness and genuine curiosity and like just a,
a purity of thought or it's not, there's,
you're not trying to make people feel about you a certain way. You're not,
you're just trying to explore ideas. And there's a,
there's a smoothness to the way that's D that's, that's,
um, devoured by people when people are listening, the way they're consuming it,
it's easy. And the easier you can make it on people listening,
the more they'll like you. So like the, like if they know that like,
Hey that Steve Rinella guy, he loves his kids, he's a nice guy.
He's his friends love him. Like I liked that guy.
Listen to what he says when he talks to John Norris, you know,
what does John [inaudible] about this and about that and like it, it,
it adds to it.
Whereas is there someone who is clunky and louder than is fucking,
they're just trying to toot their own horn and all that comes through,
especially in this long form podcast genre.
It's like this is the fucking mirror man.
Like he did with long form podcasts. You find out who the fuck everybody is.
Yeah. That's good. That's a good point. Like, like Bernie Sanders,
like I had Bernie Sanders on us.
A lot of people that like the fucking comments were insanely positive too.
Like I thought that guy was crazy. Like I thought he was a nut.
I would see him in these little interviews. I'm like,
he just wants to give away everybody's money. Like a,
there's a picture with Bernie with my dog and one of the fucking hilarious
comments, like he just wants to give your dog treats other dogs.
But it's like that's, that's the character. I mean,
everyone has a character, right? The character that guy is,
he just wants to take money from successful people and give it to lazy people.
That's the worst, the worst view of Bernie Sanders, you know?
And you'd get to see instead of like this narrative that gets established
through these little short sound bites on these panel talk shows,
there's three people talking over each other or debates or whatever it is.
All those are ineffective.
And what's interesting about is all those are fueling podcasts,
all those things that have so for so long been thought of as main stream venues
for getting your ideas out.
Now they highlight all the problems with those and they highlight all the
strengths of podcasts. That's encouraging. Yeah,
it's very encouraging. And [inaudible] are you Bernie Sanders man,
he's a nice guy. You know, I, I, I like some of his ideas.
I do not have a problem giving up more of my money as a person who's made a lot
of money,
if I know that it's going to benefit the greater good of mankind in the,
in a result, once you get squandered, I don't want to see it squandered.
I don't like bureaucracy. I don't like red tape. I don't like government.
I don't like people that are so lazy that they just want to take everybody's
money and then do what they will with it and take long lunch breaks.
And this is the problem with like a lot of what we think of in terms of like
government. Government is filled, it's bloated, it's filled with assholes.
It's filled with people that just got government jobs and they're,
they're not good at it. You know, they just, no one else wants that job.
So they take that job and they do a shitty job with it and they squander
resources.
That's what drives people crazy and especially hardworking people that know how
hard it is to make a living and you have to give up. You know,
if you're a fucking lager,
you could've given away certain percentage of your money and you're tired,
all the splinters in your hands and you're exhausted and some asshole is going
to take away your money and you know,
allocate a certain amount of it to nonsense. Yeah. You know,
gender research and all sorts of stupid shit that you think is just fruitless.
And it just, it's infuriating for people, for hardworking people with dirt,
their fingernails.
They don't want to think about anybody squandering their money. Yeah.
I'm instinctively uh, yeah,
fiscally very conservative. Yeah. I'm not very fiscally conservative.
People might look at where I'm at and think that I'm socially liberal,
but in social issues I'm somewhat libertarian, you know, but, uh,
I feel that, um,
I need the right to come my direction quite a long ways on conservation issues.
But that's [inaudible] that's, yeah, that's instinctively where I belong. Yeah.
But the right, but I need them to move back my number.
I say back my direction cause historically, I don't know,
the right and left heart is confusing, but um, yeah,
I need them to come my way on conservation. Well,
I liked the way you've described yourself in the past,
that you're politically sort of alone, that you're, you're,
you're kinda without a party because the left wants to take your guns away and
the right ones take your land away. And this is what we see fiscally.
That what the,
the most disturbing aspects of a right wing administration says they want to
sell off public land. They want to figure out a way, just a little bit,
just a little bit. We just take a little bit, we're going to use it for mining.
Just take a little bit. Well, we may lose this salmon river,
but who the fuck is paying attention to that? [inaudible] I'm watching. Yes,
me too. That's a Ryan Callahan. I talked about that with a, what is it called?
Pebble beach. Is that what the no, pebble. Mine, pebble. Mine that. I'm mean,
gigantic salmon fisheries. The biggest, most important. It's a deeply on, yeah.
I don't want to get into hard, but yeah,
you can get into the weeds with this stuff, but yeah,
it's like there's no perfect party and there's no perfect politician.
There's no perfect ideology. Which pisses people off when you point that out.
Yeah.
Do we've gotten hit hard for that kind of stuff for pointing out that it's just
not, um, you know, we as a company,
like immediately we've been like hit hard for pointing out that, um,
it's unfortunate that someone's not speaking for our wholly for our concerns.
Yes. Well, what's interesting about you guys is a,
people think that you're some sort of a green Trojan horse. It's just hilarious.
We don't really like what you don't like go dude, we don't really like the hunt.
I love it, but it's so preposterous. So I worked with the hardest. Uh,
I work with the hardest hit and I work with the hardest hit Hunter and honors
and fishermen that there, that there are ever that I've ever lived.
You don't really like hun. It's hilarious. No, it's like [inaudible].
I'm like beltway lobbyist. You don't really like hunting. Oh, is that right?
He just shows you how silly people are. It's like, let's line them up. Yeah.
It's, yeah. Come on, bring your side over here. Let me,
let me see what you're doing. Yeah, it's,
it shows you how ridiculous people can be in their,
their desire to like put people into a very small,
easily dismissed category. You know, it's like this is what people love to do,
you know? Yeah. That's what you do, di, that drives people
crazy as you defy your soul. Hard to bucket.
I love it. I don't sit around at night thinking about you,
but I love it when I'm thinking about you either. It makes you feel comfortable,
but I think we need more people like that, that, yeah. Most,
most people would think that I'm conservative,
that I'm a Republican or an alt right or something like that.
I vote left on almost everything except gun control.
I just don't think that people understand what they're talking about when
they're talking about gun control.
I don't think they understand the nuances of the second amendment or the nuances
of taking away people's ability to defend themselves or to hunt or to, you know,
to, to own something that may or may not be used against someone else,
but they never would use it. It's,
you don't have the right to tell people what they can and can't have just
because some people abuse things.
It's like this is a very complex conversation that people on the left want to
boil down to guns equal bad. Oh, for sure. It's like,
it's like I don't have them and I can understand why someone would yes.
But, um, therefore I don't know why you would,
but at the same time there were sending her with a drink,
but at the same time you look at like alcohol and one could make a very cogent
argument about the overall destructiveness of abused alcohol for sure.
But people, I don't hear a lot of people talking about a prohibition.
No, no. I had this go, I don't drink Crenshaw. I don't drink and drive.
Dan Crenshaw was a Congressman. There's not for legalized marijuana.
Nobody likes scotch. So we had this weird conversation. I'm like, come on man,
stop. And I'm like, when we're standing in front of a Ash tray,
fill with blunts. I'm like, come on. And this, uh,
this idea that like if you're a marijuana smoker,
that somehow another you're lazy like work out with me.
Come get up with me to stop. Just stop that nonsense.
I would like to tackle with this with you. Uh,
cause I have um, questions about, yeah, about that being lazy,
you know, weed, smoker, weed.
Smoking makes me work harder cause it makes me paranoid.
I don't want to be lazy. I want to earn my keep, I want,
I don't want people to ever think that I'm slacking. I love it. That's great.
Let's, I think about comedy. When I think about when I smoked pot,
I think about comedy. I'm like, I better get to work.
That's good that you get so paranoid in.
The paranoia is that you don't work hard enough. 100%. It's all of it.
All of it. My wife don't deserve,
my wife gets where she thinks,
not that she's going to pee your pants, but that she has Peter pants.
That's the most innocuous concern when it comes to alcohol or marijuana ever.
That's a great one. I wish I only had that one.
That'll make it so easy to live with. But mine AIDS productivity, my,
my fears aid productivity, whether it's exercise, whether it's um, um,
you know, I'm doing stand, stand up is a big one cause you
don't want to suck. You just don't want to suck.
You don't want anybody to pay money and have a bad time.
That is the worst feeling in the history of the world.
Well I'm going to go see it tonight. Yes. If you suck,
I'm going to fuck and be like, boom, I'm working hard. Dude.
I might heckle you but I've seen people heckle you and it doesn't work well.
They don't come out on top.
It's not a smart move because you're interrupting a show for your own idea.
You're, if people are already rooting for the guy on stage,
cause when people heckle you, it doesn't work out well for them.
Well occasionally people are rooting for the heckler.
If the heckler has a good point, like SA, look,
people have heckled me and said hilarious shit and I'll laugh along with them.
It's like, as long as we're not filming anything,
the real problem is people that want to heckle in your filming, you know,
like you're filming something like don't hackle. Yeah dude, you're funny.
But you're not fun. You'd like to know for like posterity, it's alcohol,
it's all alcohol. So like you get a couple of drinks and you're like,
I had some funny shit to say too. And you know, you got,
you're not the only funny one is bald man,
bald man up here and telling me what's funny. I know what's funny and I'm not,
and sometimes people have good points,
but that's the beauty of live performances. You know,
you live in this world where from ready start, who knows what's going to happen.
You press start and like this thing goes off in its own little journey and you
have this idea of what the way you're going to steer it and you're bringing up
subjects and you're making people laugh. But anything could happen.
Anything can happen. Do. When I saw you last, I saw you in Seattle. And uh,
you know, I want to say this,
but the people destroyed this by saying we laugh.
My wife and I laughed so much.
I wish no one had ever pointed this out because people are gonna be, Oh,
it hurt. My stomach hurt my stomach so much or hurt.
I love as much. I cried like, yeah, shut up. But like we last much,
my stomach hurt, my stomach muscles hurt.
That's as good as a person could ever get. Yeah.
That's the best compliment can literally,
I had like stomach afterward we were talking about our stomach muscles.
Like we're doing AB as like, we had been doing a bunch of crunches.
Comedy is a crazy art form, man. It's a crazy art form. It was a beautiful,
it was like, cause we're like in the mix of it, man.
I mean we have three kids that are under 10. It's hard. Everything's hard.
And we went to see you. It was just like,
we went to see you or you watch your shit. And, um,
it was just for, you know, for just like glorious whatever, I don't know,
60 minutes, 45 minutes. It was,
we were just like two people like ha, like fucking like having fun.
That's the best thing of really common.
It's really nice and laughing as stuff that we thought.
What makes it especially fun and especially, um,
cathartic is we're laughing about stuff that we felt like we're not supposed to
laugh about. Yeah. But you have this moment, you have this epiphany like, Oh,
you know what though? But it is funny.
It is funny and it's okay because you're with 3000 other people and everyone's
drunk. Yeah. You're like, Oh, we're all on the same page. But it is funny.
Yeah.
But also like this that you can be a good person and laugh at things that are
ridiculous and that you probably shouldn't be laughing at.
These things are possible. No, we loved it.
That's the art form of that is the art form of comedy. You know,
the my favorite kind of comedy, my favorite comic comedy is fucked up. I,
I mean, I love all kinds of comedy. If somebody like is like a Jerry Seinfeld,
you ever notice? I'm like, that's great to me.
He's an artist and he figures out a way to craft these things.
You can take your kids to your grandma, but I'm a Joey Diaz fan.
I like that kind of guy. I like Kennison. I like that. I like prior,
I like that kind of comedy.
I've told you this before and I've told your listeners this before enough.
Excuse me. Um, then I don't mean to wrap your own show, but I got to go. But,
uh, you didn't like this when I, it,
I felt like you didn't like it when I said it before,
but your comedy comes from a position I think he like,
I think you didn't like this because it sounds, um, you're, you're modest.
How do you know if I liked it? But your body language,
your comedy comes from a position of strength.
Hmm.
So much comedy comes from a position of self-loathing was self-loathing is
funny, right? I can't get it up. I can't please my girlfriend.
I'm a horrible husband. Right? It comes from self-loathing.
But to have someone come at comedy from a position of strength is unusual
because the formula is that it's self deprecating. I'm so pathetic
Brian. But to have
comedy coming from an individual who isn't mired in self-loathing,
is it really fresh angle?
And I feel like I brought this out to you before and you, you seem to, um,
they seem to not dig it. I probably just didn't want to talk about myself.
Like they didn't want to talk about comedy cause you come from a position of
strength. It's like, eh, it's fine. It's just jokes.
If you came from a position of self loathing,
you would have luxuriated in the compliment, right? Probably be like,
well thank you. Oh, never thought about that way. I guess I'm okay. Yeah,
I guess I'm okay. Yeah. So there was a compliment for you. It's tricky business.
Um, you, you gotta go, you're filming some shit with Brian counting.
I know when we get in together, what are we doing? Come on man. Well,
I know some Turkey hunting or was it Alaska?
Turkey, but I, if you remember, I propose you, not long ago,
I was asking you about your availability to hunt elk in September,
but it kind of petered out.
Oh, I have two hunts. I have one. I see. I have,
that's the thing about having kids in a family and everything like,
so what I would like most is to bring you in your family up to my fish shag for
a few days. Let's do it. Because I think our children,
let's do that. Our kids are kids like kids. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do that.
Let's do that. I'm into that my, and like I said, my youngest fucking
loves fishing. We'll have a great time. It'll be good. Steve and Allen,
ladies and gentlemen, mediator, mediator, uh, bourbon coming soon.
Elk shank in the house. Uh, the mediator podcast,
Chiang meatier podcast everywhere. Um, and live tours.
You guys are doing live podcasts everywhere, which I enjoy as well. Great.
Thank you. Bye everybody.
[inaudible].